[{"title":"Ex-Edo PDP gov aspirant Ikhine, defects to APC","link":"https://punchng.com/ex-edo-pdp-gov-aspirant-ikhine-defects-to-apc/","keywords":["News, Politics"],"creator":["Adeyinka Olaseni"],"video_url":null,"description":"The Deputy Director General, Edo State Peoples Democratic Party Campaign Council for the re-election of Governor Godwin Obaseki in 2020, Engr. Gideon Ikhine has dumped the party for the All Progressives Congress. In a letter of resignation addressed to the chairman, PDP Ward 7 (Ukpenu/ Ujolen/ Emuhi) Ekpoma, Esan West Local Government area and dated Read More","content":"The Deputy Director General, Edo State Peoples Democratic Party Campaign Council for the re-election of Governor Godwin Obaseki in 2020, Engr. Gideon Ikhine has dumped the party for the All Progressives Congress. In a letter of resignation addressed to the chairman, PDP Ward 7 (Ukpenu/ Ujolen/ Emuhi) Ekpoma, Esan West Local Government area and dated July 8, 2023, made available to journalists on Sunday, Ikhine, who was also an ex-governorship aspirant of the PDP in Edo State said it was a great honour contributing to the party in the last 24 years. The letter reads, “It has been a great honor to contribute to the growth and success of this party over the years, with People Democratic Party recording outstanding results from my Ward all through the 24 years of working with you. “My commitment to the people of Ward 7, Esan-West Local Government and Edo people remains firm and resolute to keep serving them in another capacity,” he added. Giving reasons on Sunday why he left the PDP, Ikhine said that the unending impasse in the PDP, which has pitched the Obaseki group against the legacy group was a major factor, nothing that it was going to be difficult to realise his ambition of serving his people. Related News No plan to suspend Saraki, says Kwara PDP Edo pledges support for culture export, exchange Osun APC faults Adeleke for nominating sister-in-law as commissioners He also stated he had the vision of leading the state and the people out of obscurity, noting that having worked for the APC in the last election and ushered in the Presidency of Bola Tinubu, it would be wrong to continue to stay in the PDP. He debunked the claim that he collected 1m dollars to step down for Obaseki in 2019, noting that he supported the governor based on his conviction that Obaseki had a good programme for the state. He also noted that he did not leave the party because of insinuations that the ticket had been zoned to Edo South. He said, “The impasse in the PDP was a major factor for my exit because I don’t feel I can realise my ambition in the state with the Obaseki and the legacy group still at loggerheads. I am taking 30 per cent of the membership of the PDP with me to APC. “I also worked with the APC in the last election because of some injustice and anomaly that was perpetuated in Esan in the last election. So, going to APC was logical for me,” he added.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 16:34:50","image_url":"https://cdn.punchng.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/09173426/01-ikhine-2.jpg","source_id":"punchng","category":["politics"],"country":["nigeria"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Judge dismisses lawsuit seeking reparations for the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/judge-dismisses-lawsuit-seeking-reparations-for-the-1921-tulsa-race-massacre","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"An Oklahoma judge has thrown out a lawsuit seeking reparations for the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre, dashing an effort to obtain some measure of legal justice by survivors of the […]","content":"An Oklahoma judge has thrown out a lawsuit seeking reparations for the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre, dashing an effort to obtain some measure of legal justice by survivors of the deadly racist rampage. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* An Oklahoma judge has thrown out a lawsuit seeking reparations for the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre, dashing an effort to obtain some measure of legal justice by survivors of the deadly racist rampage. Judge Caroline Wall on Friday dismissed with prejudice the lawsuit trying to force the city and others to make recompense for the destruction of the once-thriving Black district known as Greenwood. The order comes in a case by three survivors of the attack, who are all now over 100 years old and sued in 2020 with the hope of seeing what their attorney called “justice in their lifetime.” Spokespersons for the city of Tulsa and a lawyer for the survivors — Lessie Benningfield Randle, Viola Fletcher and Hughes Van Ellis — did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. Wall, a Tulsa County District Court, wrote in a brief order that she was tossing the case based on arguments from the city, regional chamber of commerce and other state and local government agencies. She’d ruled against the defendants’ motions to dismiss and allowed the case to proceed last year. Local judicial elections in Oklahoma are technically nonpartisan, but Wall has described herself as a “Constitutional Conservative” in past campaign questionnaires. The lawsuit was brought under Oklahoma’s public nuisance law, saying the actions of the white mob that killed hundreds of Black residents and destroyed what had been the nation’s most prosperous Black business district continue to affect the city today. It contended that Tulsa’s long history of racial division and tension stemmed from the massacre, during which an angry white mob descended on a 35-block area, looting, killing and burning it to the ground. Beyond those killed, thousands more were left homeless and living in a hastily constructed internment camp. The city and insurance companies never compensated victims for their losses, and the massacre ultimately resulted in racial and economic disparities that still exist today, the lawsuit argued. It sought a detailed accounting of the property and wealth lost or stolen in the massacre, the construction of a hospital in north Tulsa and the creation of a victims compensation fund, among other things. A Chamber of Commerce attorney previously said that the massacre was horrible, but the nuisance it caused was not ongoing. Fletcher, who is 109 and the oldest living survivor, is set to release a memoir next month about the life she lived in the shadow of the massacre. In 2019, Oklahoma’s attorney general used the public nuisance law to force opioid drug maker Johnson & Johnson to pay the state $465 million in damages. The Oklahoma Supreme Court overturned that decision two years later. ___ Bleiberg reported from Dallas and staff writer Michael Biesecker contributed reporting from Washington. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 16:30:09","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"1 man arrested, 1 sought in connection with Kansas nightclub shooting","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/1-man-arrested-1-sought-in-connection-with-kansas-nightclub-shooting","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A 19-year-old man is in custody in connection with a mass shooting a week ago inside a Kansas nightclub, and police have identified a second man […]","content":"WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A 19-year-old man is in custody in connection with a mass shooting a week ago inside a Kansas nightclub, and police have identified a second man being sought. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A 19-year-old man is in custody in connection with a mass shooting a week ago inside a Kansas nightclub, and police have identified a second man being sought. Wichita police arrested the man Friday as a suspect in the shooting on July 2 at City Nightz in downtown Wichita. Nine people suffered gunshot wounds and two others were trampled in the chaos that followed the 1 a.m. shooting. No one died. It wasn’t immediately clear if the man has been charged. Police on Saturday also asked for the public’s assistance in finding a 23-year-old man they believe is connected to the shooting. A St. Louis-area man was arrested July 3, but prosecutors later determined he fired his gun acting in self-defense after shots were fired by two other men at the club. The gunshot victims — seven men and two women — ranged in age from 22 to 34, police said. The two people trampled were a 30-year-old woman and a 31-year-old male. Wichita is a city of nearly 400,000 people, located about 200 miles (320 kilometers) southwest of Kansas City, Missouri. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 16:13:27","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"1 dead, 15 injured after SUV traveling wrong way collides with Chicago bus","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/1-dead-15-injured-after-suv-traveling-wrong-way-collides-with-chicago-bus","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"CHICAGO (AP) — An SUV traveling the wrong way along a Chicago lakefront road collided with a city bus Sunday morning, killing one of the SUV’s passengers and injuring 15 […]","content":"CHICAGO (AP) — An SUV traveling the wrong way along a Chicago lakefront road collided with a city bus Sunday morning, killing one of the SUV's passengers and injuring 15 other people, authorities said. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* CHICAGO (AP) — An SUV traveling the wrong way along a Chicago lakefront road collided with a city bus Sunday morning, killing one of the SUV’s passengers and injuring 15 other people, authorities said. A man was driving a Dodge Journey south along northbound DuSable Lake Shore Drive when it crashed into a Chicago Transit Authority bus about 6 a.m. near the city’s Kenwood neighborhood, police said. A female passenger in the SUV, which caught fire after the crash, was pronounced dead at a hospital, while the SUV’s driver and another female passenger were taken to hospitals in critical condition, police said. Chicago fire officials said the driver of the bus and 12 passengers were taken to area hospitals in good condition, WLS-TV reported. Seven other people refused treatment at the scene, fire officials said. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 16:08:52","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"‘I hate tree huggers’: How Starmer apparently exploded over Labour’s green policy","link":"https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/labour-green-climate-change-starmer-miliband-b2372012.html","keywords":["UK Politics","UK"],"creator":["Archie Mitchell"],"video_url":null,"description":"The Labour leader’s outburst followed a presentation from climate and net zero spokesman Ed Miliband","content":"Sir Keir Starmer said “I hate tree huggers” in an outburst that shocked his shadow cabinet , it has been claimed. The Labour leader’s furious remark followed an animated presentation from climate and net zero spokesperson Ed Miliband setting out his revolutionary energy policies . Mr Miliband is said to have told his colleagues of the hope and change his policies would bring, receiving only a lukewarm reception from Sir Keir. Sir Keir “thanked him for his presentation but said he wasn’t interested in hope and change ”, according to a source. The source told The Sunday Times : “He was more interested in creating sustainable new jobs to replace jobs in old sectors that were being lost. He then said he was not interested in tree huggers, before adding to everyone’s surprise, ‘In fact, I hate tree huggers’.” His comments, at a meeting the day after Sir Keir gave a major speech on Labour’s energy policy, surprised some in the room. The Labour leader and shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves have faced a backlash from the left of the party over a decision to scale back plans for a £28bn “green prosperity plan” . But Ms Reeves insisted on Sunday that she “cares passionately about tackling the climate emergency”. And while she said she “loves a tree”, she lashed out at “rude” environmental protesters such as Just Stop Oil who cause “needless disruption to people’s lives”. Ms Reeves said there are “better ways to tackle the climate emergency than stopping working people getting to their jobs”. Luke Tryl, UK director at the More in Common group, said Labour risked “throwing the baby out with the bath water” over climate issues. He said it “makes total sense” to condemn Just Stop Oil and Sadiq Khan’s expansion of London’s Ulez scheme. “But if Labour strategists think climate isn’t a mainstream electoral issue, their assumptions about voters are a decade out of date,” Mr Tryl added. Labour was asked to comment.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 16:07:18","image_url":"https://static.independent.co.uk/2023/06/19/13/d5806f6f965d3bcb508806a32d4d914aY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjg3MjYzNzE5-2.72673203.jpg?width=1200&auto=webp","source_id":"independentuk","category":["politics"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Biden’s 2024 campaign will be a fight to protect democracy","link":"https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/4084419-bidens-2024-campaign-will-be-a-fight-to-protect-democracy/","keywords":["Campaign","Opinion"],"creator":["William S. Becker, opinion contributor"],"video_url":null,"description":"The threat to democracy is not over. In fact, it's more intense than ever.","content":"President Biden doesn’t brag much, but after only two-and-a-half years in the White House, he has been called the since Lyndon Johnson. Unfortunately, most Americans don’t realize all he’s done, so Biden is trying out some new bully pulpits to tell them. His first was a last week with MSNBC anchor Nicolle Wallace. But in addition to his accomplishments, Biden should continue he set off before last year’s midterm elections. The soul of America is still at risk from hatred, racism, violence and totalitarianism. Biden should emphasize he’s eager to lead the fight to restore decency, unity and our commitment to democracy, but he needs an army of voters fighting beside him. It turns out that exorcizing former President Trump from government isn’t as easy as removing him from the White House. His influence continues with his and he among the Republicans serving in Congress. That will not be corrected without a massive mobilization of voters to return control of Congress to the people. What’s more, SCOTUS itself is melting down — its are ruining the court’s reputation for integrity while its dramatic has made the court a purveyor of conservative dogma rather than justice. During his conversation with Wallace, Biden said he believes Congress and the Supreme Court will heal themselves. His faith in the self-healing power of institutions may be rooted in the kinder and gentler days when he . There was dignity, decorum and a desire for bipartisanship back then. But those days are long gone, and they won’t return until voters remove members of Congress who are hell-bent on partisanship. Currently, Republicans in the House and Senate are holding to punish Democrats and the Biden Justice Department for holding Trump accountable for alleged crimes ranging from to and . So much for “ Across the street from the Capitol, the Supreme Court has been busy stripping freedoms previous courts established for , and , as well as the Environmental Protection Agency’s ability to fight global climate change and on the Clean Water Act. More than 80 percent of Democrats and independents and nearly two-thirds of Republicans favor nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQ+ people, according to a by the Public Religion Research Institute last year. Nevertheless, the court just ruled businesses can refuse service to same-sex couples. The justices based that decision on a lawsuit filed by a conservative Christian group. It . The facts were fiction, and there was no injured party. It raises concerns the court is willing to issue rulings based on conservative objectives rather than actual cases. As the Campaign Legal Center , “The Roberts Court’s track record on Democracy is abysmal and continues to threaten the democratic rights that are essential to a functioning America. The only potential remedy is a strong pushback from Congress.” Why Congress? It has the power to justices who deserve it; from judicial review of specific bills; ; require the court to an ethics code; and restore EPA’s authority, the and women’s rights over their bodies. It can , allowing President Biden to restore balance by appointing moderate and progressive justices. In case it needs additional leverage, Congress also . The threat to Democracy will be evident in the 2024 presidential campaign. The GOP’s both . They will try to enlist voters to that view. Trump will continue encouraging , , and groups officially labeled . DeSantis demonstrates in Florida that he’s a classic totalitarian who wants to while . If reform is in the air, perhaps a unified Congress would eliminate the that allow the minority party to effectively rule the Senate. Polls show voters are , but Republican filibusters in 2022 kept Congress from , by states, and . Some reformers that half of the 30 bills blocked by Senate filibusters between 1917 and 1994 involved civil rights. Last fall, six in 10 voters told Gallup they would like to with the popular vote. They can accomplish that by pushing their states to join the . It’s an agreement in which states assign all of their electoral votes for president to the winner of the national vote. The Electoral College system gave the presidency to George W. Bush and Trump, . Now, with 205 electoral votes have joined the compact. A few more states would bring the total to 270, the number required to win the presidency and make the Electoral College meaningless. Biden’s call for reforms would resonate with the millions of Americans unhappy about the federal government. Gallup found in May that of Americans disapprove of how Congress handles its job. A majority, , disapproved of how the Supreme Court is behaving. “There is near-universal agreement that our system is not working well — in particular that it is not delivering the results people want,” last year. “[I]t is not surprising that public support is very high for fundamental change in our political system to make the system work better.” But public opinion alone does not protect democracy. It will always be under attack if voters keep electing the same bad actors to government.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 16:00:00","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/06/bidenjoe_102022_ap-e1688154377301.jpg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Elle Edwards' murderer Connor Chapman shared vile Facebook post about hero cop","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/elle-edwards-murderer-connor-chapman-27287694","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Patrick Edrich, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"The killer also posted about gun crime in a bid to cover his tracks","content":"A man convicted of the murder of a woman outside a pub on Christmas Eve posted a vile picture of Facebook regarding the death of PC Dave Phillips. Connor Chapman shared an image of the Merseyside Police logo and a candle with a comment that reads: \"see ya Dave Phillips, rot in hell, from the lads\". Dad-of-two PC Phillips, 34, was on the central reservation of Wallasey Dock Link Road when he was hit by a car thief driving at high speed. He was killed instantly in the tragedy on October 5, 2015. It came after Clayton Ronald Williams had stolen a high-performance L200 Mitsubishi during an earlier burglary. PC Phillips was deploying a stop-stick puncturing device when he was struck by the car. READ MORE: BBC presenter suspended over claims they 'paid teen £35k for sexual pictures' as investigation launched And Chapman's Facebook photo was posted just three days later on October 8, 2015. Williams was found guilty of the manslaughter of PC Phillips and sentenced to 20 years in prison after a six-day trial at Manchester Crown Court. It is unknown if Williams and Chapman were associates. Chapman also posted a status condemning guns in a failed attempt to distance himself from his crimes, the Liverpool Echo reports. Chapman, 23, was this week found guilty of the murder of Elle Edwards who was killed in a botched gangland shooting. Elle, 26, had been enjoying a night out with her sister and friends when she was hit twice in the back of the head outside the Lighthouse pub in Wallasey Village. Elle Edwards (Image: PA) Five men were also injured - one critically - but all of them survived. A jury of seven women and five men came to a unanimous decision after three hours and 48 minutes of deliberation, following a three-and-a-half week trial at Liverpool Crown Court. Chapman’s friend Thomas Waring, 20, was convicted of possession of a prohibited weapon, and also assisting an offender by helping Chapman torch the stolen black Mercedes car used to flee the scene. Drug dealer Chapman was jailed for the reckless murder of Elle in what was the \"culmination\" of a violent, tit-for-tat feud between the Woodchurch group and its Wirral rival, a gang based around the Beechwood/Ford estate on the opposite side of the M53 motorway. Two of the men shot on Christmas Eve, Kieran Salkeld and Jake Duffy, were described as involved in the Beechwood gang and are already serving jail sentences for dishing out a savage beating to Woodchurch-linked Sam Searson, the day before the shooting. Salkeld was the most severely injured of the survivors after Chapman's bullet penetrated his chest causing internal bleeding and organ damage, while Duffy was wounded in both legs. Three other men injured by the volley of bullets; Harry Loughran, Liam Carr and Nicholas Speed, all described as “innocent bystanders”, made quicker recoveries. Tim Edwards, father of Elle Edwards, outside Liverpool Crown Court after Connor Chapman was found guilty of her murder (Image: Peter Byrne/PA Wire) Mr Power later told the jury: \"Gun crime often includes criminals shooting at each other. There’s no doubt this is such an event, but of course here, a young, beautiful, unconnected, innocent life was brutally ended as a direct result of the then ongoing, but for now at least paused, gun feud between the Ford Estate and the Woodchurch Estate.\" Speaking outside court yesterday afternoon, Elle's dad Tim said: \"Those two cowards in there decided to drag it out for four weeks, put all these people through that and everyone else around it, involved in the case. I can't thank the police enough for what they did, and we got there in the end, the right result. \"I hope those two never see another Christmas again ever in their lives. I've had my eyes on him for four weeks and he has not looked at me once because he's a coward; that's exactly what he is. I couldn't care less about him. I'll never, ever mention his name. \"I hope he rots in hell. It's a big relief because now we can start again. We've been through hell and we deserve now to be given a life back that we had before, which will never be the same. It's now a new chapter, it's a new beginning for our family. It's the worst day, but the best of the worst days.\" Chapman was jailed for life with a minimum of 48 years. Waring was jailed for nine years.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:54:03","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27287699.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/1_echo.jpg","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Stymied by the Supreme Court, Biden wants voters to have the final say on his agenda","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/stymied-by-the-supreme-court-biden-wants-voters-to-have-the-final-say-on-his-agenda","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"WASHINGTON (AP) — After major blows to his agenda by the Supreme Court, President Joe Biden is intent on making sure voters will have the final say. When the court’s […]","content":"WASHINGTON (AP) — After major blows to his agenda by the Supreme Court, President Joe Biden is intent on making sure voters will have the final say. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* WASHINGTON (AP) — After major blows to his agenda by the Supreme Court, President Joe Biden is intent on making sure voters will have the final say. When the court’s conservative majority effectively killed his plan to cancel or reduce federal student loan debts for millions of people, Biden said, “Republicans snatched away the hope that they were given.” When the justices ended race-based affirmative action in college admissions, he said, “This is not a normal court.” When they overturned Roe v. Wade and a national right to abortion last year, the president said, “Voters need to make their voices heard.” As Biden heads into the 2024 election, he is running not only against the Republicans who control one-half of Congress but also against the conservative bloc that dominates the nation’s highest court. It’s a subtle but significant shift in approach toward the Supreme Court, treating it more like a political entity even as Biden stops short of calling for an overhaul. That shift is becoming apparent in everything from the White House’s messaging to its legal strategy. “The president respects the court’s authority, but if its judgments are going to be political and there are members of the court who are saying that, he owes it to voters to make it clear what his positions are and what he’s doing to address it,” said Ron Klain, his former chief of staff. “Many members of the current court testified that Roe is settled law and still overturned it,” he added, referring to the court’s ruling on abortion. “That has its consequences.” Biden, who once led the Senate Judiciary Committee, is focusing on the politicization of the court as a way to encourage voters to back him. Yet he has not embraced any effort to make big changes to the court. Instead, Biden is increasingly vocal about his belief that the court is abandoning mainstream constitutional interpretation. He tells voters they need more Democrats in Congress and a Democrat in the White House to counter the impact of the conservative-leaning court. Biden has won his share of cases, including on immigration, before a court where conservatives hold a 6-3 majority. But the student loan defeat capped a term when justices imposed significant roadblocks. White House officials say Biden is keen to explore other ways to pursue the same priorities and explain to the American people about the obstacles. “There’s only upside in running against the court as an institution because the court is doing things that are wildly unpopular and they’re preventing the president from implementing his agenda,” said Chris Kang, chief counsel of the progressive group Demand Justice and a onetime deputy counsel to President Barack Obama. “I think that it’s important to make clear that the Supreme Court is making it impossible to implement and advance policies that should not have any controversy attached to them,” he added. Republicans are working to portray Biden as overstepping his legal authority in pursuit of his agenda. They say the high court’s policies are in step with much of the country and they are trying to motivate their own voters by highlighting what the GOP has achieved through court rulings. Former President Donald Trump, at the recent Faith and Freedom Coalition conference in Washington, praised the three justices he had nominated to the Supreme Court. “Exactly one year ago today, those justices were the pivotal votes in the Supreme Court’s landmark decision ending the constitutional atrocity known as Roe v. Wade,” Trump said. He drew a standing ovation by noting that “conservatives had been trying for 50 years,” to overturn that ruling. “But I got it done and nobody ever thought it was a possibility.” Other administration officials said the court’s conservative dominance has lowered the political cost to Biden when the justices scuttle some of his legally suspect actions such as on student loans and coronavirus mandates. On the latter, the Supreme Court struck down Biden’s attempt to require employees of large companies to get shots but left the requirement in place for health care workers, though by that time the pandemic had started to wane. Klain insisted that everything Biden has put forward had a solid legal basis and was approved by the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel. “There was no sense of taking the legal issues lightly or just ‘do it and take whatever the court says,’’ he said. Confidence in the Supreme Court fell to its lowest point in at least 50 years after the leaked draft opinion in the abortion case in 2022. Those who view the current court favorably are largely Republican. According to the Pew Research Center’s September 2022 report, only 28% of Democrats and Democrat-leaning independents now view the court favorably, down nearly 40 percentage points since 2020. And people in the United States increasingly favor term limits. Positive views of the court among Republicans and those who lean Republican has increased to 73%. As a result, the partisan gap is larger than at any other point in the 35 years of polling that Pew has done on the court. Republicans have focused for years on remaking the federal judiciary and Supreme Court. When Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-K.Y., was the majority leader, he refused to even meet in 2016 with Obama’s pick for the high court — current Attorney General Merrick Garland, a federal judge at that time. The nomination stalled until a Republican president, Trump, took over. Establishment GOP operatives backed Trump because of his pledge to name as many judges to the bench as possible. Their gamble worked. Trump ended up with three Supreme Court nominees and 54 federal appeals court judges, reshaping the courts for a generation. Democrats are now finally understanding the power of judges as a voting tool, and Biden has made judicial nominations a priority, appointing a record number of judges for a president at this point in his first term, including some of the most diverse picks yet to the judiciary. Biden aides plan on highlighting those accomplishments during the reelection campaign, but acknowledge it’s only a small salve to their troubles at the high court. Biden has taken to warning voters about what else the Supreme Court might do in the future, whether rolling back same-sex marriage rights or access to contraception. “President Biden is being direct with the American people about the stakes these extreme decisions that jettison decades of longstanding precedent have for their fundamental freedoms and their daily lives,” said White House spokesman Andrew Bates. Part of Biden’s unwillingness to go further to reshape the Supreme Court comes from a sense of history. Those pushing social change stood by the court after Brown v. Board of Education, a major civil rights case, and even Roe v. Wade, holding up its autonomy as a way to push forward. Backing away from that, particularly for an establishment Democrat like Biden, is not easy. As Biden said in an interview with MSNBC, “I think if we start the process of trying to expand the court, we’re going to politicize it maybe forever in a way that is not healthy,” Leah Litman, a professor of law at the University of Michigan and co-host of “Strict Scrutiny” podcast about the Supreme Court, said that while Biden was unlikely to go that far, “there are a variety of things that Democratic politicians could run on that would actually allow them to more explicitly push back against the court.” Besides expanding the size of the Supreme Court and or the lower courts, she said, other options include stripping the Supreme Court of jurisdiction over certain cases, setting term limits and implementing ethics changes. All of them, she said, are things the party could embrace “as part of their recognition that the court has politicized itself.” __ Follow the AP’s coverage of the U.S. Supreme Court at https://apnews.com/hub/us-supreme-court Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:43:50","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Man sought in Nebraska homicide, armed carjacking shot and killed by police in Iowa","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/man-sought-in-nebraska-homicide-armed-carjacking-shot-and-killed-by-police-in-iowa","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (AP) — A man sought in connection with a fatal shooting and an armed carjacking in Nebraska was shot and killed by police officers in Iowa following […]","content":"COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (AP) — A man sought in connection with a fatal shooting and an armed carjacking in Nebraska was shot and killed by police officers in Iowa following a chase. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (AP) — A man sought in connection with a fatal shooting and an armed carjacking in Nebraska was shot and killed by police officers in Iowa following a chase. Police in Omaha, Nebraska, responded to a domestic assault call before 6 a.m. Saturday and learned that 41-year-old Matthew Briggs had broken into a home and assaulted a woman, police said in a news release. She was able to escape. Minutes later, police learned that Briggs drove his car through the garage door of a home nearby. The woman who lived there wasn’t home but Briggs shot at a neighbor who came over to check on him, police said. The neighbor was unhurt. Around 7 a.m., police were called to a third home and found 52-year-old Steven Donsbach shot to death. Briggs was named as a person of interest. On Saturday afternoon, a Toyota Camry was carjacked in suburban Omaha by a man matching Briggs’ description. Officers spotted the car and a pursuit began. The chase crossed into Iowa. In Council Bluff, the Toyota crashed and two officers — one from Omaha and one from Council Bluffs — shot Briggs. He died at a hospital. Omaha police did not say what prompted the shooting, but said two guns were found in the stolen car Briggs was driving. Both officers are on paid administrative pending an investigation by the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:43:30","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Mexican military to take over airports as president takes aim at corruption, mismanagement","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/business/2023/07/09/mexican-military-to-take-over-airports-as-president-takes-aim-at-corruption-mismanagement","keywords":["Business","World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico’s armed forces are taking control of the capital’s main airport, and the government plans to give the military control of nearly a dozen more across […]","content":"MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico's armed forces are taking control of the capital's main airport, and the government plans to give the military control of nearly a dozen more across the country as the president takes aim at corruption and mismanagement. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico’s armed forces are taking control of the capital’s main airport, and the government plans to give the military control of nearly a dozen more across the country as the president takes aim at corruption and mismanagement. President Andrés Manuel López Obrador has been setting the armed forces to a wide range of nontraditional tasks since he was elected in 2018, creating concerns about the separation of the military from civilian life. A new airport was built by the army outside Mexico City a year ago at a cost of $4.1 billion. It is run by the military but little used. López Obrador says the old airport, the country’s busiest, will be run by the navy. The navy took charge of security at Mexico City International Airport, or Benito Juárez, more than a year ago. It will soon have control of everything else, from customs and immigration to handling luggage and cleaning bathrooms, with the imminent publication of a presidential order to make that official. The list of problems at Mexico City Airport has long included major drug shipments and illegal migration. Infrastructure was in disrepair, and a number of close calls were reported on the runways in recent years as the airport increasingly had trouble handling flights. The airport also had a reputation for stolen luggage, mismanaged airline schedules, business without contracts and corruption. Meanwhile, López Obrador has gone to the armed forces for help throughout his term, giving them some immigration duties and control of ports and customs. They are also building major infrastructure projects such as a tourist train through the Yucatan Peninsula and a new airport in the same area. They even run plant nurseries and tourist trips to a former penal colony. The airport, which is used by some 4 million travelers each month, will be “a company within a naval military entity,” Rear Adm. Carlos Velázquez Tiscareño, the airport’s 73-year-old director, said in a recent interview. But, he said, “this is not going to look like a military department.” Unlike the capital’s other airport, Felipe Angeles, where National Guard troops take passenger tickets at the gate, at Benito Juarez the only uniformed military are the 1,500 marines deployed since February 2022 for security. The rest of the airport personnel will be civilians but “with clearer rules … that govern with more order and discipline,” Velázquez Tiscareño said. The navy will form a company called Casiopea to run the airport and six others that have “deficiencies” and are “in the hands of organized crime,” Velázquez Tiscareño said. Among them will be Matamoros, across the border from Texas, and Playa del Carmen on the Gulf of Mexico. López Obrador has already said that he plans to have a dozen airports in the hands of the army or navy by the end of his administration in 2024. And by the end of this year, the military is scheduled to begin operating its own commercial airline. The Mexico City takeover runs contrary to international aviation recommendations that clearly distinguish between military and civilian, said Rogelio Rodríguez Garduño, an aviation law expert at Mexico’s National Autonomous University. But the legal consequences of the move remain unclear. Earlier this year, Mexico’s Supreme Court ruled that the transfer of the National Guard from civilian to military control was unconstitutional. López Obrador left the guard under a civilian department but with a military operational chief. While navy operational control could help some security issues, experts don’t believe it will resolve other problems. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration downgraded Mexico’s aviation safety rating in 2021, preventing Mexican airlines from expanding flights to the U.S. FAA safety ratings of other countries are designed to measure those countries’ oversight of their airlines but do not mean that the airlines are unsafe. In Mexico, corruption got to the point years ago that coded messages were sent using airport internal communications to hold up baggage inspections so drug shipments could pass untouched, according to testimony during the U.S. trial of former Public Security Secretary Genaro Luna. He was convicted of drug trafficking in February. Mexico City has the country’s most important airport, and the navy is the branch of Mexican security forces in which the U.S. authorities have the most confidence, but the U.S. has not commented on the increasing power of the Mexican military. “There are various airports in the country that have had big problems for many years, and they had to be fixed,” said Velázquez Tiscareño, himself a retired pilot. In the past year, the navy’s security oversight has shut down some illegal business inside the airport, improved inspections and reduced stolen luggage, Velázquez Tiscareño said. Some airport workers confirm that, but note too that complaints about flight delays continue. “The navy has put things under greater control, but now we need to see how they’re going to work,” said José Beltrán, 72, who picks up trash at the airport. “It’s more peaceful,” said Luis Martinez, who’s been working at the airport for 25 years, helping passengers who need wheelchairs. But, he said, “people have the same complaints: flight delays and problems with luggage.” Rodríguez Garduño said Mexican aviation needs more money, more training and inspection regimes, among other measure, to raise its competitiveness on the global stage. He said he was not sure if the military could help solve all those problems. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:42:36","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Forecast 2023-2029: Demand, Business Growth, Opportunity, Application, Cost, sales, Type, Size, Top Manufacturers Analysis - Siemens Gamesa, MAN Energy Solutions, Echogen, Trane and E2S Power","link":"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119711/electric-thermal-energy-storage-technology-market-forecast","keywords":["Energy & Environment"],"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market 2023 is an all-inclusive, proficient report provides an in-detail analysis of extensive drivers, challenges, restraints, opportunities, present market trends and approach influencing the Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market industry together with projections and","content":"Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Forecast 2023-2029: Demand, Business Growth, Opportunity, Application, Cost, sales, Type, Size, Top Manufacturers Analysis - Siemens Gamesa, MAN Energy Solutions, Echogen, Trane and E2S Power 07-09-2023 05:42 PM CET | Energy & Environment Press release from: ReportsnReports Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market 2023 is an all-inclusive, proficient report provides an in-detail analysis of extensive drivers, challenges, restraints, opportunities, present market trends and approach influencing the Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market industry together with projections and forecast to 2029. Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market research study covers processing technique, investment plan, services as well as network management. Download FREE Sample Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=7300497 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); This report analyzes the segments data by type and by application, revenue, and growth rate, from 2018 to 2029. Evaluation and forecast the market size for Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology revenue, projected growth trends, production technology, application and end-user industry. By Company - Siemens Gamesa - MAN Energy Solutions - Echogen - Trane - E2S Power Segment by Type - Small Capacity (Less Than 30MWh) - Medium Capacity (30-100MWh) - Large Capacity (More Than 100MWh) Segment by Application - Industrial - Utilities - Others Chapter Outline Chapter 1: Introduces the report scope of the report, executive summary of different market segments (product type, application, etc.) Chapter 2: Revenue of Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology in global and regional level. Chapter 3: Detailed analysis of Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology companies competitive landscape, revenue, market share and industry ranking, latest development plan, merger, and acquisition information, etc. Chapter 4: Provides the analysis of various market segments by type, covering the revenue, and development potential of each market segment, to help readers find the blue ocean market in different market segments. Direct Purchase of the Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Research Report (Use Available 25% Discount Coupon Code: DIS25) https://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=7300497 Table of Contents 1 Report Overview 1.1 Study Scope 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Size Growth Rate by Type, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.2.2 Small Capacity (Less Than 30MWh) 1.2.3 Medium Capacity (30-100MWh) 1.2.4 Large Capacity (More Than 100MWh) 1.3 Market by Application 1.3.1 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Size Growth Rate by Application, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.3.2 Industrial 1.3.3 Utilities 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Assumptions and Limitations 1.5 Study Objectives 1.6 Years Considered 2 Global Growth Trends 2.1 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Perspective (2018-2029) 2.2 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Growth Trends by Region 2.2.1 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Size by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 2.2.2 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Historic Market Size by Region (2018-2023) 2.2.3 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Forecasted Market Size by Region (2024-2029) 2.3 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Dynamics 2.3.1 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Industry Trends 2.3.2 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Drivers 2.3.3 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Challenges 2.3.4 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Restraints 3 Competition Landscape by Key Players 3.1 Global Revenue Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology by Players 3.1.1 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Revenue by Players (2018-2023) 3.1.2 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Revenue Market Share by Players (2018-2023) 3.2 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Share by Company Type (Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3) 3.3 Global Key Players of Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology, Ranking by Revenue, 2021 VS 2022 VS 2023 3.4 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Concentration Ratio 3.4.1 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Concentration Ratio (CR5 and HHI) 3.4.2 Global Top 10 and Top 5 Companies by Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Revenue in 2022 3.5 Global Key Players of Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Head office and Area Served 3.6 Global Key Players of Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology, Product and Application 3.7 Global Key Players of Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology, Date of Enter into This Industry 3.8 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Plans 4 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Breakdown Data by Type 4.1 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Historic Market Size by Type (2018-2023) 4.2 Global Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Forecasted Market Size by Type (2024-2029) 5 Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Breakdown Data by Application and More… Any Doubt or Need Customization Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?name=7300497 ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian Tower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ, Hadapsar, Pune-411013, India + 1 347 333 3771 sales@reportsandreports.com About Us: \"ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian.\" Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading Global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 3350000 micro-markets. This release was published on openPR. Permanent link to this press release: Copy Please set a link in the press area of your homepage to this press release on openPR. openPR disclaims liability for any content contained in this release. Share Tweet Email { \"@context\": \"https://schema.org\", \"@type\": \"NewsArticle\", \"mainEntityOfPage\": \"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119711/electric-thermal-energy-storage-technology-market-forecast\", \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 17:42:03\", \"dateModified\": \"2023-07-09 17:42:03\", \"headline\": \"Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Forecast 2023-2029: Demand, Business Growth, Opportunity, Ap\", \"image\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709345628_g.jpg\", \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 17:42:03\", \"caption\": \"Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market\", \"representativeOfPage\": \"1\" }, \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"keywords\": \"\", \"publisher\": { \"@type\": \"Organization\", \"name\": \"openPR\", \"logo\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://www.openpr.com/fx/openpr-logo-amp-186x50.png\", \"width\": \"186\", \"height\": \"50\" } } } You can edit or delete your press release Electric Thermal Energy Storage Technology Market Forecast 2023-2029: Demand, Business Growth, Opportunity, Application, Cost, sales, Type, Size, Top Manufacturers Analysis - Siemens Gamesa, MAN Energy Solutions, Echogen, Trane and E2S Power here Delete press release Edit press release News-ID: 3119711 • Views: 111 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:42:03","image_url":"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709345628_k.jpg","source_id":"openpr","category":["environment"],"country":["germany"],"language":"english"},{"title":"‘Insidious 5’ topples ‘Indiana Jones’ before ‘Mission: Impossible’ launches","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/arts-and-life/entertainment/celebrities/2023/07/09/insidious-5-topples-indiana-jones-before-mission-impossible-launches","keywords":["Business","Celebrities","World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"Indiana Jones’ reign atop the box office was short-lived. In its second weekend in theaters, the Disney release was usurped by another franchise fifth – “ Insidious: The Red Door.” […]","content":"Indiana Jones’ reign atop the box office was short-lived. In its second weekend in theaters, the Disney release was usurped by another franchise fifth – “ Insidious: The Red Door.” The horror film starring and directed by Patrick Wilson scared up $32.7 million in ticket sales from 3,188 theaters, according to studio estimates on Sunday. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* Indiana Jones’ reign atop the box office was short-lived. In its second weekend in theaters, the Disney release was usurped by another franchise fifth – “ Insidious: The Red Door.” The horror film starring and directed by Patrick Wilson scared up $32.7 million in ticket sales from 3,188 theaters, according to studio estimates on Sunday. It did better than the last installment, “Insidious: The Last Key,” from 2018 and is the most any PG-13 horror movie has earned in its debut in the past two years. “Insidious 5” was not well reviewed — but modestly budgeted scary movies are often critic-proof when it comes to the box office. This Blumhouse-produced franchise starring Wilson and Rose Byrne began in 2011 under the direction of James Wan and has been responsible for over $570 million in global box office returns — and none of the films have cost more than $16 million to produce. Only the first movie received a “fresh” rating on Rotten Tomatoes; The “Insidious” films more often garner sub 40% scores. It was shrewd of Sony to release “Insidious” on the weekend between two Hollywood tentpoles, in this case “ Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny ” and “ Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part I,” which opens on Wednesday. “Indiana Jones 5” took second place in its second weekend with $26.5 million in North America (down 56% from its opening), bringing its domestic total to $121.2 million. Globally it’s earned an estimated $247.9 million. “ Joy Ride ” also made its theatrical debut this weekend in 2,820 locations and earned an underwhelming $5.9 million. The R-rated comedy directed and co-written by Adele Lim follows four friends on an international trip, played by Ashley Park, Sherry Cola, Stephanie Hsu and Sabrina Wu. The modestly budgeted Lionsgate release got rave reviews out of the South by Southwest Film Festival and maintains a 91% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, but it didn’t motivate big crowds this weekend. Those that did go (58% women, 72% over age 25, according to PostTrak) gave it a B- CinemaScore, suggesting the movie did not meet expectations, which can sometimes be because of how the film was marketed. The hope is that word-of-mouth might help “Joy Ride” in the coming weeks. “Joy Ride” is one of several raunchy, adult comedies in theaters this summer, including the Jennifer Lawrence movie “No Hard Feelings,” which earned $5.2 million in its third weekend, bringing its domestic total to $40.3 million. In more limited release, “The Lesson,” a literary chamber thriller starring Richard E. Grant and Daryl McCormack, opened to $157,752 from 268 screens. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:37:31","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Elton John bids farewell to the road with the last show on his goodbye tour","link":"https://www.npr.org/2023/07/09/1186677312/elton-john-last-concert-farewell-yellow-brick-road-tour","keywords":null,"creator":["Juliana Kim"],"video_url":null,"description":"The acclaimed British singer's final concert was set in Stockholm, and marked the culmination of his \"Farewell Yellow Brick Road\" tour, which spanned over five years, 330 shows and 16 Gucci suits.","content":"Elton John preformed to over 6 million fans across 330 shows in his farewell tour. Leon Neal/Getty Images hide caption Elton John preformed to over 6 million fans across 330 shows in his farewell tour. With glitz, glam and golden confetti, Elton John, performed on tour for the last time on Saturday. The final concert was set in Stockholm, Sweden. It wrapped up the British singer's \"Farewell Yellow Brick Road\" tour, which spanned over five years, 330 shows and 16 Gucci suits. The tour is considered the highest-grossing in Billboard Boxscore history. Last month, it became the first tour ever to make more than $900 million. \"What a journey this tour has been and now we find ourselves at the end of it,\" John wrote on Instagram before the show. The show included severl of John's signature songs, including Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man and Candle in the Wind. In heart-shaped pink sunglasses, he thanked his fans for their support throughout the decades. \"You have no idea what it means to me, your kindness. I've had the most wonderful career,\" he said. \"How lucky am I to play music. But I wouldn't be sitting here and talking to you if it wasn't for you.\" A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn) The worldwide, farewell tour kicked off in 2018, but was forced to pause in 2020 for nearly two-years due to the pandemic. Last month, the 76-year-old gave his final U.K. performance while headlining the Glastonbury Festival. In 2021, the international pop star told NPR that he looked forward to retiring from tour so that he could spend more time with his children. \"Ten years ago, I was going to just tour and make records. And I had nothing planned for the rest of my life except making music and touring,\" John said. \"And then we had two fabulous little boys. And then David, my husband, said, well, what do you want out of life now? Do you still want to tour? I said, no, I don't.\" He later said, \"As much as I love playing, I want to be with my boys now. I want to be there for them.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:33:49","image_url":null,"source_id":"npr","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Joe Biden Stays Cool In Swim Shorts On Summer Beach Day With Jill: Photos","link":"https://hollywoodlife.com/2023/07/09/joe-biden-shorts-beach-jill-photos/","keywords":["News","Politics","Joe Biden"],"creator":["Cassie Gill"],"video_url":null,"description":"Joe Biden was spotted on a beach in his home state of Delaware where he and Jill lounged in chairs under umbrellas before heading to Europe.","content":"and wife enjoyed an ideal summer day in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware! The , 80, was spotted wearing a pair of blue swim shorts adorned with sea turtles, along with a white Polo Ralph Lauren golf shirt and black running shoes for the low key afternoon on Saturday, July 8. He also added a blue baseball cap and aviator sunglasses to his beach ensemble in the photos first published by Joe and the First Lady, 72, were seen soaking up the sun in lounge chairs under umbrellas amid the crowd, with Joe even carrying his own fold-up chair along with a novel. Jill looked relaxed as she had a beach bag next to her, at one point reaching for sunscreen to stay protected. Instead of sneakers, however, she stayed breezy in flip flops. Naturally, the were joined by plenty of Secret Service security, one of whom could be spotted right behind Joe as he was walking out to the beach. The couple, who wed in 1977, notably have a home in the Rehoboth Beach area, located in the Gordons Pond section of Cape Henlopen State Park. Biden made the North Shores real estate purchase back in 2017 for $2.7 million, also spending a reported $450,000 on a security fence. The postcard worthy 4,786-square-foot home includes six bedrooms, five bathrooms, a spacious kitchen, three fireplaces and naturally, decks and porches for the weather and views. Joe and Jill first visited the house in 2021 before her 70th birthday, but have seemingly become regulars ever since — especially during warm weather season. “Throughout our careers, Jill and I have dreamed of being able to buy a place where we can bring the whole family,” Joe said in a statement run by back in 2017 after purchasing the property. “We feel very lucky that we’re now able to make that happen and are looking forward to spending time with our family in the place that matters most to us in the world,” the also said.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:32:53","image_url":"https://hollywoodlife.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/joe-jill-biden-beach-tmz-ftr.jpg","source_id":"hollywoodlife","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Radioisotope Power Systems Market Analysis Outlook 2023, Industry Growth, Top Manufactures, Key Segments, and Current Trends, Future Prospect","link":"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119710/radioisotope-power-systems-market-analysis-outlook-2023","keywords":["Energy & Environment"],"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The Radioisotope Power Systems Market report understands the present and upcoming future economical consequence across types, countries, and products and applications. It gives exact, up-to-date breakdown of markets and businesses. The report uses trustworthy material and breakdown to achieve an","content":"Radioisotope Power Systems Market Analysis Outlook 2023, Industry Growth, Top Manufactures, Key Segments, and Current Trends, Future Prospect 07-09-2023 05:29 PM CET | Energy & Environment Press release from: ReportsnReports Radioisotope Power Systems Market (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); The Radioisotope Power Systems Market report understands the present and upcoming future economical consequence across types, countries, and products and applications. It gives exact, up-to-date breakdown of markets and businesses. The report uses trustworthy material and breakdown to achieve an extreme understanding of the current aspects influencing the trade. The report also includes information on Radioisotope Power Systems Market position owned by other industries. Moreover, the different successful supply platforms and business ideas are also mentioned in the study to help readers with the right strategies. This report will help stakeholders to understand challengers better in their businesses. (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); Download FREE Sample Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=7300490 This report analyzes the segments data by Type and by Application, sales, revenue, and price, from 2018 to 2029. Evaluation and forecast the market size for Radioisotope Power Systems sales, projected growth trends, production technology, application and end-user industry. By Company - II-VI Marlow - Thermo PV - COMSOL - Exide Technologies - Tesla Energy - GE - Vattenfall - American Elements - Curtiss-Wright Nuclear Segment by Type - 238Pu - 90Sr - Other Segment by Application - Artificial Satellite - Space Probe - Other Production by Region - North America - Europe - China - Japan Chapter Outline Chapter 1: Introduces the report scope of the report, executive summary of different market segments (by Type and by Application, etc.) Chapter 2: Radioisotope Power Systems production/output of global and key producers (regions/countries). Chapter 3: Sales (consumption), revenue of Radioisotope Power Systems in global, regional level and country level. Chapter 4: Detailed analysis of Radioisotope Power Systems manufacturers competitive landscape, price, sales, revenue, market share and industry ranking, latest development plan, merger, and acquisition information, etc. Direct Purchase of the Global Radioisotope Power Systems Market Research Report (Use Available 25% Discount Coupon Code: DIS25) https://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=7300490 Table of Contents 1 Study Coverage 1.1 Radioisotope Power Systems Product Introduction 1.2 Market by Type 1.2.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Market Size by Type, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.2.2 238Pu 1.2.3 90Sr 1.2.4 Other 1.3 Market by Application 1.3.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Market Size by Application, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.3.2 Artificial Satellite 1.3.3 Space Probe 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Assumptions and Limitations 1.5 Study Objectives 1.6 Years Considered 2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Production 2.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Production Capacity (2018-2029) 2.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Production by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 2.3 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Production by Region 2.3.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Historic Production by Region (2018-2023) 2.3.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Forecasted Production by Region (2024-2029) 2.3.3 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Production Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 2.4 North America 2.5 Europe 2.6 China 2.7 Japan 3 Executive Summary 3.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue Estimates and Forecasts 2018-2029 3.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue by Region 3.2.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 3.2.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue by Region (2018-2023) 3.2.3 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue by Region (2024-2029) 3.2.4 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 3.3 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales Estimates and Forecasts 2018-2029 3.4 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales by Region 3.4.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 3.4.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales by Region (2018-2023) 3.4.3 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales by Region (2024-2029) 3.4.4 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 3.5 US & Canada 3.6 Europe 3.7 China 3.8 Asia (excluding China) 3.9 Middle East, Africa and Latin America 4 Competition by Manufactures 4.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales by Manufacturers 4.1.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.1.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales Market Share by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.1.3 Global Top 10 and Top 5 Largest Manufacturers of Radioisotope Power Systems in 2022 4.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue by Manufacturers 4.2.1 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.2.2 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue Market Share by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.2.3 Global Top 10 and Top 5 Companies by Radioisotope Power Systems Revenue in 2022 4.3 Global Radioisotope Power Systems Sales Price by Manufacturers and More… Any Doubt or Need Customization Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?name=7300490 ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian Tower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ, Hadapsar, Pune-411013, India + 1 347 333 3771 sales@reportsandreports.com About Us: \"ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian.\" Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading Global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 3350000 micro-markets. This release was published on openPR. Permanent link to this press release: Copy Please set a link in the press area of your homepage to this press release on openPR. openPR disclaims liability for any content contained in this release. Share Tweet Email { \"@context\": \"https://schema.org\", \"@type\": \"NewsArticle\", \"mainEntityOfPage\": \"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119710/radioisotope-power-systems-market-analysis-outlook-2023\", \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 17:29:30\", \"dateModified\": \"2023-07-09 17:29:30\", \"headline\": \"Radioisotope Power Systems Market Analysis Outlook 2023, Industry Growth, Top Manufactures, Key Segments, and \", \"image\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709371917_g.jpg\", \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 17:29:30\", \"caption\": \"Radioisotope Power Systems Market\", \"representativeOfPage\": \"1\" }, \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"keywords\": \"\", \"publisher\": { \"@type\": \"Organization\", \"name\": \"openPR\", \"logo\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://www.openpr.com/fx/openpr-logo-amp-186x50.png\", \"width\": \"186\", \"height\": \"50\" } } } You can edit or delete your press release Radioisotope Power Systems Market Analysis Outlook 2023, Industry Growth, Top Manufactures, Key Segments, and Current Trends, Future Prospect here Delete press release Edit press release News-ID: 3119710 • Views: 120 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:29:30","image_url":"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709371917_k.jpg","source_id":"openpr","category":["environment"],"country":["germany"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Nunavut Day 2023 Date: Know History and Significance of the Day That Commemorates the Passing of Two Nunavut Acts","link":"https://www.latestly.com/lifestyle/festivals-events/nunavut-day-2023-date-know-history-and-significance-of-the-day-that-commemorates-the-passing-of-two-nunavut-acts-5248430.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Every year, Nunavut Day is celebrated on July 9 in the Canadian territory of Nunavut, the largest and northwest territory of the country. The day is a public holiday, as per the 201 Nunavut Day Holiday Order, and commemorates the passing of two Nunavut acts.","content":"Every year, Nunavut Day is celebrated on July 9 in the Canadian territory of Nunavut, the largest and northwest territory of the country. The day is a public holiday, as per the 201 Nunavut Day Holiday Order, and commemorates the passing of two Nunavut acts. Nunavut Day marks the day when the Parliament of Canada passed the Nunavut Act, officially declaring Nunavut as a distinct region that is legally separate from the Northwest Territories along with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement. On July 9, 1993, the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement Act took effect, and the Nunavut was established on April 1, 1999. The day was declared an official government holiday in the year 2001. As we celebrate Nunavut Day 2023, here’s all you need to know about the history and significance of the day. Canada Joins Global Movement, Bans Use of Animals To Test Cosmetic Products. Nunavut Day 2023 will be celebrated on Sunday, July 9. The Parliament of Canada passed the Nunavut Act on July 9, 1993, following the passing of the 1982 plebiscite on the question of the division of the Northwest Territories. The Act led to the establishment of the territory of Nunavut. On April 1, 1999, Nunavut became a legally distinct territory from the Northwest Territories. The following year, in 2000, 'Nunavut Day' was celebrated on April 1. However, it was felt that the 1993 Nunavut Land Claims Agreement had greater significance to the people of Nunavut, so the holiday was moved to July 9. Nunavut Day holds great significance for the people of Nunavut, Canada, as the day marks the formation of this territory. Nunavut Day is a perfect opportunity for people to honour the efforts of those who helped to bring this territory into being. An important symbol of Nunavut Territory is a blue and white image of a polar bear on an iceberg with a star in the sky. On July 9, 1993, the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement Act took effect, and Nunavut was established on April 1, 1999. The word ‘Nunavut’ means ‘our land’ in the native language Inuktitut. On Nunavut Day, people organize cultural activities like community-wide breakfasts, traditional games, food fest and other events and celebrate this historic day. (The above story first appeared on LatestLY on Jul 09, 2023 08:59 PM IST. For more news and updates on politics, world, sports, entertainment and lifestyle, log on to our website latestly.com ).","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:29:21","image_url":null,"source_id":"latestly","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"The FDA is being asked to look into Logan Paul’s energy drink, which has the caffeine of 6 Coke cans","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/arts-and-life/life/health/2023/07/09/the-fda-is-being-asked-to-look-into-logan-pauls-energy-drink-which-has-the-caffeine-of-6-coke-cans","keywords":["Business","Health","World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"NEW YORK (AP) — An influencer-backed energy drink that has earned viral popularity among children is facing scrutiny from lawmakers and health experts over its potentially dangerous levels of caffeine. […]","content":"NEW YORK (AP) — An influencer-backed energy drink that has earned viral popularity among children is facing scrutiny from lawmakers and health experts over its potentially dangerous levels of caffeine. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* NEW YORK (AP) — An influencer-backed energy drink that has earned viral popularity among children is facing scrutiny from lawmakers and health experts over its potentially dangerous levels of caffeine. On Sunday, Sen. Charles Schumer called on the Food and Drug Administration to investigate PRIME, a beverage brand founded by the YouTube stars Logan Paul and KSI that has become something of an obsession among the influencers’ legions of young followers. “One of the summer’s hottest status symbols for kids is not an outfit, or a toy—it’s a beverage,” said Schumer, a Democrat from New York. “But buyer and parents beware because it’s a serious health concern for the kids it so feverishly targets.” Backed by two of YouTube’s best known stars, PRIME was an immediate sensation when it launched last year, prompting long lines in grocery stores and reports of school yard resale markets. Advertising itself as zero sugar and vegan, the neon-colored cans are among a growing number of energy drinks with elevated levels of caffeine; in PRIME’s case, 200 milligrams per 12 ounces, equivalent to about half a dozen Coke cans or nearly two Red Bulls. That high content prompted bans from some schools in the United Kingdom and Australia where some pediatricians warned of possible health impacts on young children such as heart problems, anxiety, and digestive issues. Company representatives, meanwhile, have defended the product as clearly labeled “not recommended for children under 18.” They sell a separate sports drink, known as PRIME Hydration, which contains no caffeine at all. Representatives for PRIME did not immediately return a request for comment. But in his letter to the FDA, Schumer claimed there was little noticeable difference in the online marketing of the two drinks – leading many parents to believe they were purchasing a juice for their kids, only to wind up with a “cauldron of caffeine.” “A simple search on social media for Prime will generate an eye-popping amount of sponsored content, which is advertising,” he wrote. “This content and the claims made should be investigated, along with the ingredients and the caffeine content in the Prime energy drink.” Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:28:25","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Takeaways from AP’s investigation into cities leaving lead pipe in the ground","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/arts-and-life/life/greenpage/2023/07/09/takeaways-from-aps-investigation-into-cities-leaving-lead-pipe-in-the-ground","keywords":["Environment","World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"There are 9.2 million lead pipes in the U.S. They contaminate drinking water with lead, which damages brain development in children. But around the country, utilities have been ignoring the […]","content":"There are 9.2 million lead pipes in the U.S. They contaminate drinking water with lead, which damages brain development in children. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* There are 9.2 million lead pipes in the U.S. They contaminate drinking water with lead, which damages brain development in children. But around the country, utilities have been ignoring the opportunity to remove lead pipe when they uncover it during work on water mains. They’ve often removed a short pipe section, reburied the connection and left the rest. Research shows this method can actually spike, rather than reduce, lead levels. The sections of pipe that remain can contaminate tap water until they’re removed. The practice is also more expensive in the long run, since crews presumably will have to return someday. Here are some takeaways from The Associated Press investigation: LEAD IS HARMFUL Lead is a health threat and the practice of leaving sections of the old pipe behind should have stopped a long time ago, according to Yanna Lambrinidou, a medical anthropologist at Virginia Tech and co-founder of the Campaign for Lead Free Water. Lead is especially dangerous to young children. It can lower IQ and deprive kids of cognitive skills. The Environmental Protection Agency says no amount is safe for kids. She said utilities have tried to dodge responsibility to reduce costs. “I can’t but think of partial replacements as immoral because they involve a witting decision by government agencies to leave residents at continued risk of exposure,” said Lambrinidou. Yet the practice has played out hundreds of thousands of times, in cities including Providence and Chicago. It continues today in Oklahoma City, Allentown, Pennsylvania, Nashville and Memphis, Tennessee, and St. Louis. PROVIDENCE HAS STRUGGLED In 2005, Providence Water changed the chemicals it adds to drinking water to lower levels of lead. Instead it caused them to jump — above EPA limits. That triggered an EPA requirement for Providence to remove some of its pipe, but the language of the regulation does not require entire lengths to be dug up. There, as in many cities, homeowners and the utility each own part of the water line. Providence generally removed only the part it said it was responsible for. By 2011, however, EPA scientists were weighing in, saying this method doesn’t actually lower levels of lead in water. Providence was still in the middle of a lead crisis with its water. Yet despite the fact that its practice didn’t work and could even make things worse, the city continued the approach when it worked on mains, only taking out entire lengths of lead pipe if the homeowner paid for it. Activists said Providence Water thus created a two-tiered system: one for people who could afford safe water and one for those who couldn’t. UTILITIES SAY IT’S COMPLICATED Removing lead pipes isn’t just the responsibility of the utility, but also individuals and government, said Steve Via, director of government relations at the American Water Works Association, a group that represents utilities. He said divided ownership of lead pipes, is “still a barrier to full lead service line replacement today.” In many communities, local rules forbid spending money to upgrade private property, blocking the work, Via said. Providence Water General Manager Ricky Caruolo said lead pipe replacement couldn’t be done without raising rates and he didn’t think it was his decision to force ratepayers to bear the cost of replacing lead pipes that are, in the end, privately owned. Most people don’t have a lead pipe, he said, so they wouldn’t benefit. That decision “needs to be made at the state or even federal level.” Caruolo also said some homes have lead fittings that will remain a risk even once the lead pipe is gone. He said officials have addressed lead head-on, improving water treatment, educating the public about lead and providing no-interest loans for removal. 2021 held some good news for Providence. The city’s results improved and are now within federal limits, much safer for young children today. CHICAGO SHOWS WHY SO MUCH REMAINS As weak as the order was in Providence, the EPA rarely goes even that far. Take the case of Chicago. About 7% of homes sampled last year exceeded federal limits. But that’s not enough to force officials there to remove the problem. State and local officials say they had limited funds and used them elsewhere. They also say local rules made removal work more difficult and expensive. Wednesdays A weekly look towards a post-pandemic future. So, three decades after the federal government imposed lead limits for drinking water, the vast majority of lead pipes are still in the ground not only in Chicago, but across the country. The Biden administration has said it wants them all removed. ___ Camille Fassett contributed reporting from Seattle. Charles Krupa contributed reporting from Providence. ___ The Associated Press receives support from the Walton Family Foundation for coverage of water and environmental policy. The AP is solely responsible for all content. For all of AP’s environmental coverage, visit https://apnews.com/hub/climate-and-environment Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 15:09:07","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Yellen had a 'constructive visit' to China with opportunities for 'more frequent contacts' in the future, she says","link":"https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/09/yellen-had-a-constructive-visit-to-china-with-opportunities-for-more-frequent-contacts-in-the-future-she-says.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Janet Yellen said she had a \"constructive visit\" and a \"very substantive series of meetings\" with Chinese officials.","content":"U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen arrived in Beijing on July 6, 2023, for her first visit under the Biden administration. Mark Schiefelbein | Afp | Getty Images After a high stakes four-day trip to China , U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said she had a \"constructive visit\" and a \"very substantive series of meetings\" with Chinese officials about the state of the global economy, export controls and national security. Yellen's trip is part of ongoing efforts to stabilize U.S.-China relations after months of escalating tensions. Her visit came just weeks after Secretary of State Antony Blinken's visit last month. These efforts could ultimately pave the way for a meeting between U.S. President Joe Biden and Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the G-20 leaders' summit in New Delhi in September and the APEC leaders' summit in San Francisco in November. Both leaders last met in Bali last year. \"We have a new team on the economic side in Beijing, that it's important to establish person-to-person relationships, and to open ongoing channels of communication, where concerns can be aired and discussed,\" Yellen told CBS' \"Face the Nation\" Sunday. \"And I do think my trip has been successful in forging those relationships and creating the opportunity for a deeper set of more frequent contacts at our staff levels.\" Yellen's task in Beijing was complex. She said she raised a number of concerns, including national security and the intimidation some American companies have been experiencing, but she also sought Chinese cooperation on issues ranging from climate change to debt distress. Yellen said her purpose was to make sure the two nations do not engage in \"unintended escalatory actions that will be harmful to our overall economic relationship with one another.\" For instance, just days before Yellen's visit, Beijing slapped export curbs on chipmaking metals and compounds. China's Ministry of Commerce claimed it gave the U.S. and Europe advance notice. In October, the U.S. launched sweeping rules aimed at cutting off exports of key chips and semiconductor tools to China. Yellen said she expressed concern about the export controls and contrasted it with the U.S. decision. She explained that the U.S.' actions \"are narrowly targeted to address national security concerns,\" while it is not clear that the Chinese export controls were implemented for that same reason. \"We have had very little contact, both senior officials, and also just the American people and the Chinese people who've had very little contact with one another over the last several years, in part because of Covid,\" Yellen said. \"And that's a situation where misunderstandings can develop.\" Yellen said China is also taking steps to address concerns about a slowing economy, and that there are opportunities for American businesses to profit. But even so, she said national security remains a priority for the U.S. \"China has an enormous market. It's a significant share of the global economy, and we want to make sure that American businesses and workers can profit from that, and contribute also to China's success as well as our own,\" Yellen said. \"But there are areas where national security really demands that the most advanced technologies with military applications, we need to withhold to protect our own national security. And we have acted and will continue to act to do that.\" — CNBC's Clement Tan contributed to this report.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:51:47","image_url":null,"source_id":"cnbc","category":["politics"],"country":["australia"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Support Us To Have Successful Omituntun 2.0, Makinde Tells Oyo Residents","link":"https://independent.ng/support-us-to-have-successful-omituntun-2-0-makinde-tells-oyo-residents/","keywords":["Politics"],"creator":["Kazeem Awojoodu"],"video_url":null,"description":"Governor of Oyo State, ‘Seyi Makinde, has enjoined residents of the state to support his administration to have a successful tenure, noting that once the governor records success, the impact will be felt by all the residents. Governor Makinde, who lauded the people of the state for their support for his administration in the first […]","content":"Governor of Oyo State, ‘Seyi Makinde, has enjoined residents of the state to support his administration to have a successful tenure, noting that once the governor records success, the impact will be felt by all the residents. Governor Makinde, who lauded the people of the state for their support for his administration in the first four years and their support during the election, said he would never take that support for granted. “From the bottom of my heart I cannot take your support for granted. You have supported us for a second tenure and you must support us to have a successful tenure because, if we are successful, Oyo State is successful and the impact will definitely be on all of us,” the governor said. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Sulaimon Olanrewaju, indicated that Governor Makinde stated this at the Omituntun 2.0 Victory Invitational Golf Tournament Dinner, held at the Ibadan Golf Club, Ibadan. The governor appreciated his friends for putting the event together, noting that he would continue to strive to develop the game of Golf and ensure it is played across the state. This was as he reiterated that his administration would continue to put in the hard work necessary to put the state on the path of sustainable development. He, noted, however, that there was the need to continue to support the administration so that it could achieve its set goals of uplifting the state and bringing about sustainable development. The governor added that he would be receptive to constructive criticisms and ideas that could help move the state forward and that residents who have concerns about the spread of government’s efforts to their localities should feel free to express such. POLL He said: “This is an event organised completely by my friends and associates. I want to let you know that a dime did not come from me nor from the coffers of Oyo State for this event. “Let me thank the good people of Oyo State and all of you seated here for your support. Some of you may not have supported me directly but I am aware that you did that indirectly. “People may not know that I do monitor the Whatsapp loop of this Club and I know those that criticise me. But once God has vindicated one, there is no need to engage in any sort of fight further. Yes, we can disagree to agree, in as much as the end result is to make our society better. “So, I will say that even under Omituntun 2.0, you can challenge and tell us where we are not doing well. Tell us when good projects have not gotten to your neighbourhood and we won’t take it personal but, instead, address your genuine concerns. Victory is sweet after the hard work. For the past almost six weeks after we were sworn in for the second tenure in office, we have just been enjoying ourselves. “I know it is time to roll up our sleeves and get to work again. But we are here tonight to celebrate the sweet victory that occurred on March 18th through the support of the majority of you, and to have a victory party. By the grace of God, one thing I can promise the people is that we will continue to work really hard to take our state on the path of sustainable development.” The governor noted that his love for the game of Golf would not wane, even as he called on the Club and its members not to hesitate to ask for his assistance. “As for my love and support for this game, not only for IGC but Ogbomoso, Saki and other Golf Clubs around Oyo State, I will continue to strive to ensure that the game is developed and widely played throughout the state. “I also look forward to our own Tiger Woods. “","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:49:43","image_url":null,"source_id":"independentng","category":["politics"],"country":["nigeria"],"language":"english"},{"title":"BBC presenter suspended over claims they 'paid teen £35k for sexual pictures' as investigation launched","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/bbc-presenter-suspended-over-claims-27287341","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"The identity of the presenter is not publicly known","content":"The BBC presenter at the centre of a sex picture scandal has been suspended today. It comes after claims the man paid a teenager £35,000 for explicit images. This money funded the teen's drug habit, their mother has alleged. The presenter - who has not been named publicly - has been taken off air. The broadcaster released a statement on the scandal this afternoon (July 9), The Sun reports. A spokesperson for the BBC said: \"The BBC takes any allegations seriously and we have robust internal processes in place to proactively deal with such allegations. READ MORE: WHO experts on deadly virus sweeping across Europe - symptoms, deaths and arrival in UK \"This is a complex and fast-moving set of circumstances and the BBC is working as quickly as possible to establish the facts in order to properly inform appropriate next steps. It is important that these matters are handled fairly and with care.\" They continued: \"We have been clear that if - at any point - new information comes to light or is provided to us, this will be acted upon appropriately and actively followed up. The BBC first became aware of a complaint in May. \"New allegations were put to us on Thursday of a different nature and in addition to our own enquiries we have also been in touch with external authorities, in line with our protocols. We can also confirm a male member of staff has been suspended. \"We expect to be in a position to provide a further update in the coming days as the process continues. The BBC Board will continue to be kept up to date.\" The mother of the child who claims the BBC star paid her child for sexual pictures said she was stunned to see a phone image of the presenter in his boxer shorts. \"I loved watching him on TV,\" she told The Sun. The mum added: \"So I was shocked to see a picture of him sitting on a sofa in his house in his underwear. I immediately recognised him.\" The news comes after Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer sat down with the BBC boss Tim Davie. She said: \"I have spoken to BBC Director General Tim Davie about the deeply concerning allegations involving one of its presenters. \"He has assured me the BBC are investigating swiftly and sensitively. Given the nature of the allegations it is important that the BBC is now given the space to conduct its investigation, establish the facts and take appropriate action. I will be kept updated.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:36:53","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27287355.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_JS208085730.jpg","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Cannabis crop on 100 acres of land eradicated in Paktika","link":"https://pajhwok.com/2023/07/09/cannabis-crop-on-100-acres-of-land-eradicated-in-paktika/","keywords":["Security & Crime","Hashish crop","Paktika"],"creator":["Ali Mohammad"],"video_url":null,"description":"SHARANA (Pajhwok): Cannabis plant grown on about 100 acres of land has been destroyed in Dila district of southeastern Paktika province, an official said on","content":"SHARANA (Pajhwok): Cannabis plant grown on about 100 acres of land has been destroyed in Dila district of southeastern Paktika province, an official said on . . .","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:30:00","image_url":null,"source_id":"pajhwok","category":["politics"],"country":["Afghanistan"],"language":"english"},{"title":"ANC NEC concerned with municipalities' poor response to natural disasters","link":"https://ewn.co.za/2023/07/09/anc-nec-concerned-with-municipalities-poor-response-to-natural-disasters","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"NEC subcommittee chairperson on governance, Thembi Nkadimeng dismissed claims suggesting municipalities were not financially equipped to handle disasters, saying they were just not planning ahead to prepare for mishaps.","content":"ANC NEC concerned with municipalities' poor response to natural disasters NEC subcommittee chairperson on governance, Thembi Nkadimeng dismissed claims suggesting municipalities were not financially equipped to handle disasters, saying they were just not planning ahead to prepare for mishaps. Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs of South Africa Thembi Nkadimeng. Picture: Twitter/@NationalCogta ANC NEC Boksburg Thembi Nkadimeng Email Print Tweet Share Alpha Ramushwana | 09 July 2023 14:29 JOHANNESBURG - The African National Congress's (ANC) National Executive Committee (NEC) raised concerns over the poor response to natural disasters by municipalities. The NEC's subcommittee chairperson on governance, Thembi Nkadimeng made the statement during a media briefing in Boksburg on Sunday. She dismissed claims suggesting municipalities were not financially equipped to handle disasters, saying they were just not planning ahead to prepare for mishaps. \"For example, the April floods which we had in KwaZulu-Natal, if I'm not wrong, Cogta has already dispersed about R1,2 billion. But the last time I visited eThekwini to specifically deal with disasters, I found that their planning was very low.\" READ: Funds not to blame for delays in dealing with Durban flood aftermath - Cogta","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:29:28","image_url":null,"source_id":"ewn","category":["politics"],"country":["south africa"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Biden Begins 3-Nation Tour With Focus On NATO Summit, 1st Stop London","link":"https://www.ndtv.com/world-news/joe-biden-begins-3-nation-tour-with-focus-on-nato-summit-1st-stop-london-4191844","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"US President Joe Biden departed on Sunday on a three-nation trip that will be dominated by a NATO summit in Lithuania aimed at showing solidarity with Ukraine in its fight against Russia while not yet accepting Kyiv as a member of the alliance.","content":"Biden will travel on to Vilnius, Lithuania, on Monday night and hold talks with NATO leaders there US President Joe Biden departed on Sunday on a three-nation trip that will be dominated by a NATO summit in Lithuania aimed at showing solidarity with Ukraine in its fight against Russia while not yet accepting Kyiv as a member of the alliance. Biden's first stop will be in London, where he will meet British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak at 10 Downing Street on Monday and then travel to Windsor Castle for a visit with King Charles. The talks with the king, expected to include climate initiatives, will give Biden a greater sense of the man who succeeded his mother, Queen Elizabeth, who died last September. Biden had tea with the queen at Windsor in June 2021 and they discussed many of the same issues that remain a top priority today, like Russia and China. Biden will travel on to Vilnius, Lithuania, on Monday night and hold talks with NATO leaders there on Tuesday and Wednesday. Biden and the allies aim to show support for Ukraine and give Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy a sense of what he will have to do to gain NATO membership at some point in the future. In a CNN interview previewing his trip, Biden urged caution for now on Ukraine's drive to join NATO, saying the alliance could get drawn into the war with Russia due to NATO's mutual defense pact. \"I don't think there is unanimity in NATO about whether or not to bring Ukraine into the NATO family now, at this moment, in the middle of a war,\" Biden said. A centerpiece of Biden's visit to Lithuania will be a speech that he will deliver at Vilnius University on Wednesday night. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters the speech will cover Biden's vision of \"a strong, confident America flanked by strong, confident allies and partners taking on the significant challenges of our time, from Russia's aggression in Ukraine to the climate crisis.\" One of Biden's objectives on the trip is to show Americans back home the importance of continuing support for Ukraine as he faces re-election. Some of his Republican rivals in the race for the November 2024 presidential elections have voiced doubts about his strategy. Solid majorities of Americans support providing weaponry to Ukraine to defend itself against Russia and believe that such aid demonstrates to China and other US rivals a will to protect US interests and allies, according to a Reuters/Ipsos survey late last month. Promoted Listen to the latest songs, only on JioSaavn.com Biden's last stop will be in Helsinki for talks with the leaders of the newest NATO member, Finland, and to attend a summit of US and Nordic leaders. (Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.)","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:28:49","image_url":null,"source_id":"ndtv","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"First Military Training Centre established in Badakhshan","link":"https://pajhwok.com/2023/07/09/first-military-training-centre-established-in-badakhshan/","keywords":["Security & Crime","Badakhshan MTC"],"creator":["Nizamuddin Hamidi"],"video_url":null,"description":"FAIZABAD (Pajhwok): The first Military Education Centre has been opened in northeastern Badakhshan province and officially started functioning, an official said on Sunday. Mullah Hafiz","content":"FAIZABAD (Pajhwok): The first Military Education Centre has been opened in northeastern Badakhshan province and officially started functioning, an official said on Sunday. Mullah Hafiz Mujahid, commander of the 219 Umar-i-Salesh division, said the purpose of the educational centre was capacity building, military training, improving technical and combat skills. “Mujahidin graduating from this centre should be aware, strong and committed in the society.” He asked the Islamic Emirate personnel to utilised the current opportunity and form and proper and strong army which could help defend their people and borders. Qudratullah Karimi, acting head of the Military Educational Training Institute said the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (IEA) forces would be trained provided military technical training during the three months course. It will include literacy, use of light and heavy weapons, driving and other professional technics required for a uniformed person. The purpose of military training in this center was to strengthen the Islamic army, if we can create an organized and strong army in all fields if it could defend the country’s borders against foreign invasion. nh Hits: 15","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:28:46","image_url":null,"source_id":"pajhwok","category":["politics"],"country":["Afghanistan"],"language":"english"},{"title":"NATO unity will be tested at upcoming summit. Ukraine's possible entry may be the biggest challenge","link":"https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/09/nato-unity-will-be-tested-at-upcoming-summit-ukraines-possible-entry-may-be-the-biggest-challenge.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"NATO's much-celebrated unity faces fresh strains when leaders gather for their annual summit this week in Vilnius, Lithuania.","content":"Patriot long-range air defence systems of the German Bundeswehr armed forces are deployed at Vilnius Airport ahead of the upcoming NATO Summit in Vilnius, Lithuania on July 7, 2023. Petras Malukas | AFP | Getty Images As the Russian invasion of Ukraine continues with no end in sight, NATO's much-celebrated unity faces fresh strains when leaders gather for their annual summit this week in Vilnius, Lithuania. The world's biggest security alliance is struggling to reach an agreement on admitting Sweden as its 32nd member. Military spending by member nations lags behind long-standing goals. An inability to compromise over who should serve as NATO's next leader forced an extension of the current secretary-general's term for an extra year. Perhaps the most difficult questions are over how Ukraine should be eased into NATO. Some maintain admitting Ukraine would fulfill a promise made years ago and be a necessary step to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. Others fear it would be seen as a provocation that could spiral into an even wider conflict. \"I don't think it's ready for membership in NATO,\" President Joe Biden told CNN in an interview airing Sunday. He said joining NATO requires countries to \"meet all the qualifications, from democratization to a whole range of other issues.\" He said the United States should provide long-term security assistance to Ukraine — \"the capacity to defend themselves\" — as it does with Israel. Read more about Russia's war on Ukraine: Russia reports intercepting a missile over annexed Crimea Biden is heading to Europe. A king and a war are on his agenda Wagner fighters preparing to move to Belarus, commander says Bickering among friends is not uncommon, and the current catalog of disputes pales in comparison with past fears that Donald Trump would turn his back on the alliance during his presidency. But the current challenges come at a moment when Biden and his counterparts are heavily invested in demonstrating harmony among members. \"Any fissure, any lack of solidarity provides an opportunity for those who would oppose the alliance,\" said Douglas Lute, U.S. ambassador to NATO under President Barack Obama. Russian President Vladimir Putin is eager to exploit divisions as he struggles to gain ground in Ukraine and faces political challenges at home, including the aftermath of a brief revolt by the Wagner mercenary group. \"You don't want to present any openings,\" Lute said. \"You don't want to present any gaps or seams.\" By some measures, the war in Ukraine has reinvigorated NATO, which was created at the beginning of the Cold War as a bulwark against Moscow. NATO members have poured military hardware into Ukraine to help with its counteroffensive, and Finland ended a history of nonalignment to become NATO's 31st member. \"I think it's appropriate to look at all the success,\" Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky told The Associated Press. \"So I think the invasion has strengthened NATO — exactly the opposite of what Putin anticipated.\" He noted Germany's shift toward a more robust defense policy as well as an increase in military spending in other countries. The latest test of NATO solidarity came Friday with what Biden said was a \"difficult decision\" to provide cluster munitions to Ukraine. More than two-thirds of alliance members have banned the weapon because it has a track record for causing many civilian casualties. The U.S., Russia and Ukraine are not among the more than 120 countries that have not signed a convention outlawing the use of the bombs. As for Ukraine's possible entry into NATO, the alliance said in 2008 that Kyiv eventually would become a member. Since then, little action has been taken toward that goal. Putin occupied parts of Ukraine in 2014 and then tried to capture the capital in 2022 with his invasion. \"A gray zone is a green light for Putin,\" said Daniel Fried, a former U.S. ambassador to Poland who is now a distinguished fellow at the Atlantic Council. The U.S. and Germany insist that the focus should be on supplying weapons and ammunition to Ukraine, rather than taking the more provocative step of extending a formal invitation to join NATO. Countries on NATO's Eastern flank — Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland — want firmer assurances on future membership. Ukraine's president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, is pushing for that as well. During a visit to the Czech Republic on Thursday, he said the \"ideal\" result of the Vilnius summit would be an invitation for his country to join the alliance. NATO could decide to elevate its relationship with Ukraine, creating what would be known as the NATO-Ukraine Council and giving Kyiv a seat at the table for consultations. Also in the spotlight in Vilnius will be Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the main obstacle to Sweden's attempts to join NATO alongside neighbor Finland. Erdogan accuses Sweden of being too lenient on anti-Islamic demonstrations and militant Kurdish groups that have waged a long insurgency in Turkey. Sweden recently changed its anti-terrorism legislation and lifted an arms embargo on Turkey. But a man burned a Quran outside a mosque in Stockholm last week, and Erdogan signaled that this would pose another hurdle. He equated \"those who permitted the crime\" to those who perpetrated it. Turkey and the U.S. are also at an impasse over the sale of F-16 fighter jets. Erdogan wants the upgraded planes, but Biden says Sweden's NATO membership has to be dealt with first. It's not the first time that Erdogan has sought to use a NATO summit for Turkish gain. In 2009, he held up the nomination of Anders Fogh Rasmussen as secretary-general but agreed to the move after securing some senior posts for Turkish officials at the alliance. Max Bergmann, a former State Department official who leads the Europe Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said there's growing frustration among allies toward Erdogan, building on concerns about his ties to Putin, democratic backsliding and sanctions evasion. \"They've tried playing nice,\" Bergmann said. \"The question is whether it's time to get much more confrontational.\" Hungary's prime minister, Viktor Orban, is also delaying his country's approval of Sweden's membership. In response, Idaho Sen. Jim Risch, the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, is blocking a $735 million U.S. arms sale to Hungary. \"We don't want members who aren't interested in doing everything possible to strengthen the alliance rather than the pursuit of their own or individual interests,\" Risch said. \"I'm just sick and tired of it.\" But he rejected the idea that these disagreements are a sign of weakness within NATO. \"These are kinds of things that always arise in an alliance,\" he said. \"The fact that we've been able to deal with them and will continue to deal with them proves that this is the most successful and strongest military alliance in the history of the world.\" At least one potentially difficult issue is off the summit agenda. Rather than seek consensus on a new NATO leader, members agreed to extend the tenure of Jens Stoltenberg, who's held the job since 2014, for a year. It's his fourth extension. Most members wanted a woman to be the next secretary-general, and Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen had been considered a favorite. But Poland insisted on a candidate from the Baltic states because there had already been two Nordic secretaries general in a row. (Stoltenberg was a Norwegian prime minister and Rasmussen was a Danish prime minister.) Others are skeptical of accepting a nominee from the Baltics, whose leaders tend to be more provocative in their approach to Russia, including supporting Ukraine's desire to rapidly join NATO. More disagreements loom over NATO's updated plans for countering any invasion that Russia might launch on allied territory. It's the biggest revision since the Cold War, and Skip Davis, a former NATO official who is now a senior fellow at the Center for European Policy Analysis, said it could involve \"lots of arm wrestling and card trading.\" \"That's an issue that will cause tension and dissent, and that's not what the Vilnius summit is all about,\" he said.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:27:41","image_url":null,"source_id":"cnbc","category":["politics"],"country":["australia"],"language":"english"},{"title":"BBC confirms male member of staff has been suspended","link":"https://www.dailyecho.co.uk/news/23643675.male-member-staff-suspended-bbc-confirms/?ref=rss","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"A male member of staff has been suspended as the BBC investigates allegations one of its presenters paid a teenager for sexually explicit images.","content":"A male member of staff has been suspended following allegations an unnamed BBC presenter paid a teenager for sexually explicit images, the corporation has said. A BBC spokesperson said: “The BBC first became aware of a complaint in May. “New allegations were put to us on Thursday of a different nature and in addition to our own inquiries we have also been in touch with external authorities, in line with our protocols. “We can also confirm a male member of staff has been suspended. “We expect to be in a position to provide a further update in the coming days as the process continues. “The BBC board will continue to be kept up to date.” I have spoken to BBC Director General Tim Davie about the deeply concerning allegations involving one of its presenters. He has assured me the BBC are investigating swiftly and sensitively. — Lucy Frazer (@lucyfrazermp) July 9, 2023 This comes after Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer spoke to BBC director-general Tim Davie who assured her that the BBC is investigating the allegations swiftly and sensitively. Following the phone call, she tweeted: “I have spoken to BBC Director General Tim Davie about the deeply concerning allegations involving one of its presenters. “He has assured me the BBC are investigating swiftly and sensitively. “Given the nature of the allegations it is important that the BBC is now given the space to conduct its investigation, establish the facts and take appropriate action. I will be kept updated.” The BBC spokesperson said: “The BBC takes any allegations seriously and we have robust internal processes in place to proactively deal with such allegations. “This is a complex and fast-moving set of circumstances and the BBC is working as quickly as possible to establish the facts in order to properly inform appropriate next steps. “It is important that these matters are handled fairly and with care. “We have been clear that if – at any point – new information comes to light or is provided to us, this will be acted upon appropriately and actively followed up.” We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused. Please report any comments that break our rules.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:26:40","image_url":"https://www.dailyecho.co.uk/resources/images/16979903/","source_id":"dailyecho","category":["politics","entertainment","food"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Cities have long made plans for extreme heat. Are they enough in a warming world?","link":"https://thehimalayantimes.com/world/cities-have-long-made-plans-for-extreme-heat-are-they-enough-in-a-warming-world","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"CHICAGO, JULY 09Natural disasters can be dramatic - barreling hurricanes, building-toppling tornadoes - but heat is more deadly. Chicago learned that the hard way in 1995. That J...","content":"Natural disasters can be dramatic - barreling hurricanes, building-toppling tornadoes - but heat . Chicago learned that the hard way in 1995. That July, a weeklong heat wave that hit 106 degrees Fahrenheit (41 degrees Celsius) Most of the deaths occurred in poor and majority Black neighborhoods, where many elderly or isolated people suffered without proper ventilation or air conditioning. Power outages from an overwhelmed grid made it all worse. Initially slow to react, Chicago has since developed emergency heat response plans that include a massive push to alert the public and then connect the most vulnerable to the help they may need. Other cities like Los Angeles, Miami and Phoenix now have \"chief heat officers\" to coordinate planning and response for dangerous heat. Around the world, cities and countries have adopted similar measures. But experts warn those steps might not be enough and with continuing inequality in who is most vulnerable. \"I don't know a single city that is truly prepared for that some climate scientists fear,\" said Eric Klinenberg, a professor of social sciences at New York University who wrote a book about the Chicago heat wave. Heat preparedness has generally improved over the years as forecasting has become more accurate, and as meteorologists, journalists and government officials have focused on spreading the word of upcoming danger. Chicago, for example, has expanded its emergency text and email notification system and identified its most vulnerable residents for outreach. But what works in one city might not be as effective in another. That's because each has its own unique architecture, transportation, layout and inequities, said Bharat Venkat, an associate professor at UCLA who directs the university's Heat Lab, aimed at tackling what he calls \"thermal inequality.\" Venkat thinks cities should address inequality by investing in labor rights, sustainable development and more. That may sound expensive - who pays, for instance, when a city tries to improve conditions for workers in blistering food trucks? - but Venkat thinks doing nothing will ultimately cost more. \"The status quo is actually deeply expensive,\" he said. \"We just don't do the math.\" France launched a heat watch warning system after an extended heat wave in 2003 was estimated to have caused 15,000 deaths - many of them older people in city apartments and homes without air conditioning. The system includes public announcements urging people to hydrate. Just last month, Germany launched a new that it said was inspired by France's experience. In India, a powerful heat wave in 2010 with temperatures over 118 degrees Fahrenheit (48 degrees Celsius) led to the deaths of over 1,300 people in the city of Ahmedabad. City officials now have a heat action plan to improve awareness in the local population and health care staff. Another simple initiative: Painting roofs white to reflect the blazing sun. Ladd Keith, an assistant professor at the University of Arizona, cited Baltimore's Code Red Extreme Heat alerts as an example of a well-designed alert system. The alerts go out when the forecast calls for a heat index of 105 Fahrenheit or higher, and sets in motion things like more social services in communities most vulnerable to heat risks. He lauded the heat officers in cities like Los Angeles, Miami and Phoenix, but said there are \"still over 19,000 cities and towns without them.\" Inkyu Han, an environmental health scientist at Temple University in Philadelphia, noted that cities are still struggling to get aids such as cooling centers and subsidized air conditioning into poorer neighborhoods. He said more can be done, too, with simple and sustainable solutions such as improving tree canopy. \"Notably, low-income neighborhoods and communities of color in Philadelphia often lack street trees and green spaces,\" Han said. In Providence, Rhode Island, the Atlantic Ocean typically moderates temperatures but the region can still get heat waves. Kate Moretti, an emergency room physician, said the city's hospitals see more patients when the heat strikes - with increases in illnesses that may not be obviously related to heat, like heart attacks, kidney failure and mental health problems. \"We definitely notice that it puts a strain on the system,\" Moretti said. Older people, , people with disabilities and people who are homeless make up a big share of those admissions, she said. Miami - considered a ground zero for the climate change threat due to its vulnerability to sea level rise, flooding, hurricanes and extreme heat - appointed its heat officer two years ago to develop strategies to keep people safe from the heat. Robin Bachin, an associate professor of civic and community engagement at the University of Miami, noted that the federal government has laws to protect people in cold climates from having their heat shut off in dangerous conditions, but doesn't have something similar for cooling. \"For people in apartments that are not publicly subsidized, there is no requirement for landlords to provide air conditioning,\" Bachin said. \"That's incredibly dangerous to particularly our local low-income population, let alone people who are unhoused or are outdoor workers.\" Klinenberg said that the United States has so far gotten lucky with the duration of most heat waves, but that electrical grids vulnerable to high demand in some regions, along with persistent social inequities, could spell serious trouble in the coming decades. That's partly because the underlying social problems that make heat events so deadly are only getting worse, Klinenberg said. Chicago's 1995 deaths were clustered not only in poor and segregated neighborhoods, but also specifically within what he calls \"depleted\" neighborhoods, places where it's harder for people to gather together and where social connections have been worn thin. Empty lots, abandoned restaurants and poorly maintained parks mean that people are less likely to check up on each other. Noboru Nakamura, a professor of atmospheric sciences at the University of Chicago who specializes in extreme weather events, said he thinks Chicago has made plenty of smart changes by implementing heat emergency plans, routine wellness checks and cooling centers. But he too cited inequality as a difficult challenge. \"A systemic problem of a resource inequity is something that you can't really get rid of overnight. And we still have the same issue that we had back then today,\" Nakamura said. \"So that aspect still is a big, big, big, big unsolved problem.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:22:56","image_url":"https://thehimalayantimes.com/thehimalayantimes/uploads/images/2023/07/09/24684.jpg","source_id":"thehimalayantimes","category":["world"],"country":["Nepal"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Missing Mexican journalist’s body found","link":"https://kalingatv.com/world/missing-mexican-journalists-body-found/","keywords":["World","Journalist","journalist attacked"],"creator":["Subadh Nayak"],"video_url":null,"description":"Mexico: Body of Mexican journalist Luis Martin Sanchez Iniguez, 59, who was missing since Wednesday, has been recovered from the western state of Nayarit. He was working with a leading daily La Jornada. As per BBC report, two messages were attached to the chest of the deceased journalist but authorities are yet to reveal what […] The post Missing Mexican journalist’s body found appeared first on KalingaTV.","content":"Body of Mexican journalist Luis Martin Sanchez Iniguez, 59, who was missing since Wednesday, has been recovered from the western state of Nayarit. He was working with a leading daily La Jornada. As per BBC report, two messages were attached to the chest of the deceased journalist but authorities are yet to reveal what was written. While the exact reason behind Sanchez’s death is not known, it is assumed that he has been murdered for his work. He was last spotted in Xalisco, a Nayarit town, which has long been linked to drug cartels. Meanwhile, the journalist’s death has sparked outrage worldwide as different journalist bodies condemned his killing and demanded justice. Mexico is considered one of the most dangerous country for journalists. Around 150 journalists have been murdered in Mexico since 2000, said the international advocacy group Reporters Without Borders. Prev News Next News","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:20:36","image_url":null,"source_id":"kalingatv","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Top 5: The Private Jets With The Longest Range","link":"https://simpleflying.com/top-5-private-jet-longest-range/","keywords":["Private Aviation","private jet","Gulfstream G650ER","Bombardier","Boeing Business Jet","Private aviation"],"creator":["Nicole Kylie"],"video_url":null,"description":"Looking to fly non-stop halfway around the world while enjoying the luxury of private travel? With these jets, you can","content":"travel provides an unparalleled level of luxury and comfort. However, not all private jets can offer the convenience of long ranges. These state-of-the-art jets combine superior technologies and designs, allowing passengers to fly long distances without the need for refueling stops. The G650ER is renowned for its speed and long-range capabilities. With a range of approximately 7,500 nautical miles (13,890 km), it can effortlessly connect destinations such as London to Buenos Aires or Los Angeles to Sydney without the need for refueling. The G650ER provides a spacious and well-appointed cabin, cutting-edge technology, and exceptional performance, establishing itself as a top choice for global travelers. While newer entrants to the market have knocked the G650ER off the top spot of the list, it remains competitive with one of the lowest cabin altitudes and largest windows in its class. It's no wonder that the G650ER is a favorite among the likes of and . Want answers to more key questions in aviation? . The 7500 has an impressive range of approximately 7,700 nautical miles (14,260 km), allowing it to transport passengers non-stop from cities like Miami to Dubai or Singapore to San Francisco. At one point, the Global 7500 boasted the longest range for any private jet, before Boeing shook up the scene. While this jet offers just 200 nautical miles (370 km) of extra range than the G650ER, its cabin is more than 6 feet longer, featuring extra space for more luxurious cabin accommodations. The is a top contender when it comes to long-range private jets. With the capability to fly 7,900 nautical miles (14,630 km) non-stop, it shares the same impressive capabilities as the Global 7500, but with the added range. Furthermore, it boasts a top speed of Mach 0.94 and is the top of the range among all Bombardier business jets. The Global 8000 offers luxurious cabin comforts with three individual suites that can be configured to suit individual requirements, and a wing design that offers a smooth and enjoyable flight experience. Discover more here. The Business Jet 787 combines the reliability and performance of the airliner with the luxurious accommodations of a private jet. With a range of approximately 9,945 nautical miles (18,418 km), it allows for non-stop travel between most major cities. As seen in the Dreamliner, the BBJ 787 boasts a spacious and well-designed cabin, cutting-edge avionics, and a range of amenities to ensure a comfortable and enjoyable journey. Additionally, the jet is configured to pressurize its cabin 2,000 feet (610 meters) below its competitors, allowing for ultimate passenger comfort on long journeys. The longest-range private jet on this list is the , an ultra-long-haul line of jets comprising the BBJ 777-8 and 777-9. With extraordinary ranges of approximately 11,645 nautical miles (21,570 km) and 11,000 nautical miles (20,370 km) respectively, this these jets can fly halfway around the world without any need for refueling stops – even with 75 passengers onboard. Since its launch in late 2018, the BBJ 777X has set a new standard for long-range private jet travel. Its spacious cabin – 3,256 sq. ft. (302.5 sqm) on the -8 and 3,689 sq. ft. (342.7 sqm) on the -9 – offers near-endless . Get the latest aviation news straight to your inbox: When it comes to private jet travel, having the ability to reach distant destinations non-stop is a significant advantage. From the Bombardier Global 7500 to the Boeing Business Jet 777X, these jets redefine private long-range travel. They offer exceptional range capabilities, luxurious accommodations, and cutting-edge technology, ensuring that passengers can enjoy seamless journeys and arrive at their destinations feeling refreshed and ready for new adventures.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:15:19","image_url":"https://static1.simpleflyingimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/boeing-business-jet.jpeg","source_id":"simpleflying","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Where To See A Boeing 737-200 Flying In 2023","link":"https://simpleflying.com/where-to-see-a-boeing-737-200-flying-in-2023/","keywords":["Guides","Boeing 737","Boeing 737-200"],"creator":["Jonathan E. Hendry"],"video_url":null,"description":"The planes are quite rare given their age but remain active for several airlines and Air Forces worldwide.","content":"The last was delivered in 1988, meaning the youngest aircraft would be 35 years old. There are currently less than 30 of the classic version of the narrowbody still listed as active. Another 17 of the \"combi\" variations are also still flying. The name combi comes from the German word Kombinationskraftwagen (combination motor vehicle), also known as the famous Volkswagen Type 2 van. The aircraft have large cargo doors on the side, allowing for a mix of cargo and passenger seats. They are prevalent on routes with high cargo-passenger ratio demand, such as remote locations. The aircraft belongs to a wide range of operators. In Canada, operates one (C-GNLW) classic aircraft out of Montreal and three of the \"combi\" variant. The convertible 737s can carry up to 119 passengers, an entire cargo load, or a combination of both. Nolinor also operates one 737-300QC (quick change), which seats up to 130 passengers or a combination of passengers and cargo. Glencore Canada has two of the combi aircraft presently flying. They were last seen flying between Quebec City, Montreal, and Kattiniq, QC. Venezuelan carrier Avior Airlines also has two of the aircraft in its fleet. Other carriers still flying the aircraft include Chrono Jet, Air Zimbabwe, Jayawijaya Dirgantara, and SEair International. Air Inuit in Northern Quebec recently announced it is with three Boeing 737-800s. The most popular airport for the type for the remainder of the year is in Argentina. Flights are scheduled to 32 destinations from (AEP) in Buenos Aires using the aircraft this year. Another Buenos Aires airport comes in second place, with 19 Boeing 737-200 routes departing from the main international airport serving , (EZE). Please get the latest aviation news straight to your inbox: In Alaska, Anchorage's has 14 scheduled routes with the aircraft, unsurprising given the aircraft's flexibility and its combi variant to serve remote locations in the vast state. Across the Pacific Ocean, Shanghai's Hongqiao International Airport (SHA) will see the aircraft on flights to ten different destinations. A significant portion of the remaining active Boeing 737-200s are flying for military and government operators. Governments are the only remaining operators with more than one of the original versions in their fleets. Three operators have three each, the Indonesian Air Force (Tentara Nasional Indonesia Angkatan Udara), the Bolivian Air Force (Fuerza Aérea Bolivia), and Peru's (Fuerza Aérea del Perú). Air Forces in the US, Ecuador, Mexico, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo have one each. There are also three remaining active Boeing 737-220 freighters. One flies for SkyAir and was most recently spotted in Dakkar. A second is currently with National Airways in Ethiopia. The final one is with Aerosucre, a cargo airline based in Bogotá, Colombia. Several of the former jets have found a second life. A former United Airlines 737-200 in the Hampshire countryside has . One in Brazil has since become the .","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:09:00","image_url":"https://static1.simpleflyingimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/avior_airlines_boeing_737-200_aadpr-3.jpg","source_id":"simpleflying","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Church of England to draft new pastoral guidance to allow same-sex couples receive blessings: Report","link":"http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/2023/jul/09/church-of-england-to-draft-new-pastoral-guidance-to-allow-same-sex-couples-receive-blessings-report-2593057.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The Church of England does not allow same-sex marriage in its churches, and its discourse on homosexuality and gender is closely monitored by millions of Anglicans around the world. The governing body of the Church of England would work towards drafting new pastoral guidance needed to allow same-sex couples to receive blessings from priests over the next few months. The governing body, called the General Synod, held a four-hour debate on the matter, which has revealed divisions within the institution after the synod voted in February to let gay couples have a prayer service with a civil marriage, Reuters reports. The report noted that the Church of England does not allow same-sex marriage in its churches, and its discourse on homosexuality and gender is closely monitored by millions of Anglicans around the world.","content":"The governing body of the Church of England would work towards drafting new pastoral guidance needed to allow same-sex couples to receive blessings from priests over the next few months. The governing body, called the General Synod, held a four-hour debate on the matter, which has revealed divisions within the institution after the synod voted in February to let gay couples have a prayer service with a civil marriage, reports. The report noted that the Church of England does not allow same-sex marriage in its churches, and its discourse on homosexuality and gender is closely monitored by millions of Anglicans around the world.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:06:00","image_url":null,"source_id":"newindianexpress","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Biden heads to NATO summit facing fresh divisions over Ukraine","link":"https://www.postguam.com/the_globe/world/biden-heads-to-nato-summit-facing-fresh-divisions-over-ukraine/article_40c4199e-1de5-11ee-9f41-db269d9b2782.html","keywords":null,"creator":["Toluse Olorunnipa, Emily Rauhala, Loveday Morris and Meryl Kornfield | The Washington Post"],"video_url":null,"description":"One year after NATO sent a strong message to Russia at a unified, defiant summit in Madrid, President Biden will return to Europe on Monday aiming to conjure a similar sense of joint purpose, but increasingly evident fractures as the…","content":"One year after NATO sent a strong message to Russia at a unified, defiant summit in Madrid, President Biden will return to Europe on Monday aiming to conjure a similar sense of joint purpose, but increasingly evident fractures as the Ukraine war slogs into its second year could make unity more elusive. During a five-day trip to three countries, Biden plans to hail NATO's recent admission of Finland, but he must navigate thorny divisions over whether to expand the alliance further. Two increasingly divisive issues are expected to dominate the Summit in Lithuania, where Biden will travel between stops in London and Helsinki: Ukraine's desire to join the alliance and Sweden's stalled bid to do the same. Biden's ability to keep NATO unified in responding to Russia's aggression has become a key component of his reelection pitch. But with Turkey blocking Sweden from joining, a Ukrainian counteroffensive lagging, and fresh tensions over Biden's decision to give Ukraine cluster munitions, his meetings in Europe could become visibly contentious. Especially fraught is Ukraine's push to join NATO. Some allies - including summit host Lithuania - welcome the idea, while countries like the United States and Germany warn it would instantly escalate the confrontation with Russia, potentially to a nuclear level. Biden \"has been clear that we are going to support Ukraine for as long as it takes and provide them an exceptional quantity of arms and capabilities - both from ourselves and facilitating those from allies and partners - but that we are not seeking to start World War III,\" Jake Sullivan, Biden's national security adviser, said Friday. \"That is the course that we've been on since the start of this conflict.\" Ramping up the pressure, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in an interview broadcast on CNN on Wednesday evening, called on Biden to invite Ukraine into the organization \"now.\" Biden has been publicly noncommittal, telling reporters recently that the United States would not \"make it easy\" for Ukraine to join the group. NATO has historically rejected countries that are in the midst of an active invasion or occupation, because it would instantly embroil the alliance in hostilities, given its principle that an attack on one is an attack on all. NATO also seeks to ensure that its members uphold democracy and free markets. Sullivan told reporters that Ukraine needs to make \"additional reforms\" to become NATO-eligible. But with U.S. officials publicly vague on what exactly it would take for Ukraine to join, and given Biden's history of initially denying Zelenskyy's requests before ultimately relenting, his words and actions will be tracked closely during his trip for any sign that his position may be softening. For now, administration officials are scrambling to assemble a package of \"security guarantees\" that NATO could formally offer Ukraine during the summit. These commitments would fall short of a path to membership but signal a commitment to stand by the beleaguered country. Experts and observers said this compromise would probably imply the need for an end to the war with Russia before Ukraine can join the alliance. \"There are no real expectations in Ukraine that we will join NATO while there is war in Ukraine,\" said Yevgeniya Gaber, an expert on the country at the Atlantic Council. \"There is no real expectation that we will get this invitation in Vilnius.\" Biden will also need to factor in the domestic political landscape. Many of his Republican rivals, including former president Donald Trump and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, have expressed concern about open-ended U.S. support for Ukraine, and even some Democrats worry that the public will grow weary of America's investment in the war. \"President Zelenskyy is under the view that whatever he pushes for hard enough and long enough he'll get, because that's been the case with virtually everything we've seen to date,\" said Michael O'Hanlon, director of research in foreign policy at the Brookings Institution. \"I'm afraid he may be wrong on this question, because not only Joe Biden, but Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis, all seem skeptical of the idea of Ukraine being in NATO.\" Biden kicks off his trip with a brief stop Monday in London, where he will meet with British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and have his first face-to-face meeting with King Charles III since his coronation. He will then attend the NATO summit in Vilnius, Lithuania, on Tuesday, holding meetings with his counterparts before delivering what White House aides describe as a \"significant\" speech about his global vision on Wednesday. Biden will then travel to Helsinki to mark Finland's accession to NATO and meet with Nordic leaders. White House officials hope the trip will send a message to Russian President Vladimir Putin that NATO remains committed to supporting Ukraine for the long term. The stop in Finland could draw comparisons to Trump's 2018 visit to Helsinki, when he sided with Putin against U.S. intelligence officials during a news conference. While Trump relished disrupting global alliances like NATO, Biden has sought to reassure domestic and global audiences that he is a steady hand capable of reasserting American leadership on the world stage. The war in Ukraine has become the most significant test of Biden's ability to deliver on that proposition, and next week's NATO summit will be the latest in a series of global gatherings where the conflict has dominated the agenda. But as the war has dragged on - costing billions of dollars and slamming the global economy - it has become increasingly difficult for world leaders to find consensus. One potential collision at the summit was averted when NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg recently agreed to extend his term by a year, avoiding a potentially bruising fight to succeed him. Biden is still fighting a last-ditch effort to salvage Sweden's accession, which has been blocked for many months, primarily over objections from Turkey and its ally Hungary. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan complained that Sweden is too accommodating toward the militant Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which has waged a long insurgency in Turkey and is considered a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union. There is little chance Turkey and Hungary will ratify Swedish accession before the summit, diplomats said, though some expressed hope that Biden and other allies could at least persuade Erdogan to agree to a deal that would allow the process to move forward. Stoltenberg has said he will convene a meeting of Swedish and Turkish leaders Monday. Sullivan said Biden would meet with Erdogan in Vilnius and that it was \"possible\" a deal on Sweden would emerge from the summit. \"It's a question of time,\" he said. \"And I can't predict whether that will happen next week or at some point in the ensuing weeks.\" Equally fraught is the question of whether the NATO allies will spend more on defense. After Russia's invasion, the alliance began what it called its biggest overhaul since the Cold War, reinforcing its eastern flank and rethinking its approach to deterrence and defense. Leaders will formally approve an ambitious set of defense plans in Vilnius, but it will require major investments for them to become reality. NATO for years has expected its members to spend at least 2 percent of their GDP on defense, but even with many allies boosting their spending in the face of Moscow's aggression, several remain far from the target. Stoltenberg said he expects allies to agree to make spending 2 percent of GDP \"a floor,\" or minimum, but it is unclear how, or even if, that will be enforced. Camille Grand, who until last year was NATO's assistant secretary general for defense investment and is now a distinguished policy fellow with the European Council on Foreign Relations, said a big hike in defense spending is necessary if the group hopes to meet the moment. \"If there is no sustained commitment to stay at 2 percent or above, the plans will be hard to implement,\" Grand said. But few issues are likely to be as contentious at the summit as the question of Ukraine's membership. NATO allies have all but ruled out immediate membership for Kyiv on account of the war, but the allies remain split on what should happen next. Some NATO members, particularly those in Eastern Europe, have pushed for a clear path or timeline for Ukraine to join the group. The Biden administration has shown some support for plans to remove barriers to Ukraine's entry, but has strongly resisted the idea of a specific timeline. While Poland and Italy have called for concrete security guarantees, and French President Emmanuel Macron has said there should be a clear \"path\" for Ukraine's NATO membership, Germany and the United States have been perceived as more reluctant. Several countries are now hashing out interim options to provide security guarantees and other long-term assurances to Kyiv that fall short of full membership. With Zelenskyy scheduled to attend the summit, diplomats are scrambling to find language that signals strong support while keeping the prospects for membership vague. Britain, France, Germany and the United States have been leading the initiative on a document aimed at assuring Ukraine that an invasion like the current one would not be allowed to happen again, according to two Western diplomats who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters. \"It is something that is not a transition toward NATO, it's just a simple security guarantee,\" one of the diplomats said. That approach is unlikely to please Zelenskyy, whose aspirations are likely to be left \"unfulfilled,\" retired U.S. Army Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges, a former commander of U.S. Army Europe, said. \"It is clear that the United States is not pushing for membership,\" Hodges said. \"They are either slow-rolling it or not exerting the energy to get everyone on board.\" Sullivan said Biden would be happy to meet with Zelenskyy during the summit, where he said \"important practical announcements\" would be made about Ukraine's relationship with NATO. Among other actions, leaders in Vilnius are expected to upgrade the authority of a joint NATO-Ukraine body that oversees the relationship. Biden, meanwhile, has sought to step up U.S. support for Ukraine in other ways in recent days, including by approving the provision of cluster munitions, weapons that are banned by most countries in the world, including several NATO members. With Ukraine's military running low on conventional artillery, Biden hoped to underline his commitment that the U.S. and the broader Western world would stand by Ukraine \"as long as it takes.\" Amid the lack of consensus within the alliance, many of Biden's counterparts will be looking to him to hash out a formal declaration at the summit that will showcase a united front and continued resolve. \"How do you find a form of words that will work in D.C., Berlin, London, Paris and beyond?\" a Western diplomat said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive issues. \"But it's not about the words - it will be about the substance that underpins it.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:00:00","image_url":"https://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.com/postguam.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/7/c6/7c67e7c8-1de5-11ee-8220-e3cf6e3314db/64a9f192352d8.image.jpg?resize=300%2C202","source_id":"postguam","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"No, private space colonies will not be dystopian hellscapes","link":"https://thehill.com/opinion/technology/4085526-no-private-space-colonies-will-not-be-dystopian-hellscapes/","keywords":["Technology","Opinion"],"creator":["Mark R. Whittington, opinion contributor"],"video_url":null,"description":"If Musk’s Mars colony or Bezos’ free-flying space cities become latter-day East Berlins, who would want to move there?","content":"The idea of pulling up stakes and moving to a space colony to start a new life is a compelling one. SpaceX’s Elon Musk wants to build a city of on Mars. Jeff Bezos wants to build , first Gerard K. O’Neill, that can sustain even more people. Space colonies are the stuff of science fiction dreams, invoking the settlement of the American West. Not so fast, . Space colonies founded by private businesses are likely, in the story’s view, to be dystopian hells. The theory is that space colonists will be subject to the whims of their tech overlords. Free from the restraints of earthly laws, the founders of the first communities of humans beyond the home planet will do with their subjects as they like. The story cites accusations of racial discrimination and sexual harassment at tech companies like SpaceX and Blue Origin to buttress his case. It even invokes Werner Von Braun in his brief against private space colonies. Von Braun, before he moved to America and became a in the Jim Crow South, , even joining the Nazi Party and taking rank in the SS, though no evidence exists that he agreed with Nazi racial ideology. It seems to imply that space colonies could resemble the concentration camp, where people were literally worked to death to build V-2 rockets. The story seems also to have problems with what it called “American superiority in space” and resource extraction on the moon. It mischaracterizes the former, since the , started by NASA, stipulate a regime of cooperation on the space frontier and not the dominance of any one nation. Why there’s disdain for mining the moon or other celestial bodies is left as an exercise for the reader. The story’s thesis encounters one problem. If Musk’s Mars colony or Bezos’s free-flying space cities become latter-day East Berlins, who would want to move there? Space colonies are going to need the best and the brightest to become their citizens in order to survive and thrive. No one is going to sign up willingly to become denizens of outer space gulags. Real-world experience on Earth proves the point. The United States is not a perfect country by any means. Yet millions of people, either legally or otherwise, aspire to move to that country to enjoy its freedom and economic opportunities. Neither Russia nor China can make the same boast. Elon Musk has opened his mind about how he envisions his Mars city being governed. Far from being a company town ruled as a dictatorship, , much like an Ancient Greek polis, in which everyone decides government policy. He believes that representative democracy gives too much power to “special interests.” Still, some set of principles for how a space colony should be governed could be laid out in advance so that people who decide to leave Earth forever to make new lives in space could be assured of what they are getting into. Something similar to the Bill of Rights in the United States Constitution should be drawn up and agreed to. Anyone proposing to establish a space colony should promise to adopt a Space Colonist Bill of Rights stipulating what the government of a space colony can and cannot do with its citizens. Nations of the world could sign an agreement, much like the Artemis Accords, that promises to defend and enforce such a Bill of Rights. People in the future who contemplate moving off of the planet should be aware that they will not be settling down in a utopia. Elon Musk has assured one and all that the first settlers on Mars will . While a Mars colony is unlikely to become the dystopian hell that Scientific American warns about, human freedom, as is always the case, will have to be balanced by the need for survival. Still, people in the mid to late 21st century will have an opportunity that none have been offered since the closing of the American frontier in the late 19th century. They will have the chance to move to a literal new world, to participate in the next phase of human history. They will be in on the beginning of the spread of human civilization across the solar system and, in the fullness of time, to the stars.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 14:00:00","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/07/musk_elon_mars_colony_09272016_AP_.jpg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Man accused of crashing into police cars during chase, killing a 19-year-old officer, faces charges","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/man-accused-of-crashing-into-police-cars-during-chase-killing-a-19-year-old-officer-faces-charges","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"RUTLAND, Vt. (AP) — A Vermont burglary suspect who led police on a high-speed chase and crashed his truck into two police cruisers, killing a 19-year-old officer and injuring two […]","content":"RUTLAND, Vt. (AP) — A Vermont burglary suspect who led police on a high-speed chase and crashed his truck into two police cruisers, killing a 19-year-old officer and injuring two others, will be arraigned Monday on charges related to the crash, state police said. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* RUTLAND, Vt. (AP) — A Vermont burglary suspect who led police on a high-speed chase and crashed his truck into two police cruisers, killing a 19-year-old officer and injuring two others, will be arraigned Monday on charges related to the crash, state police said. Tate Rheaume, 20, is facing charges of grossly negligent operation and attempting to elude, both with death resulting. Additional charges are possible, state police said. It was not immediately known if he is being represented by an attorney. Rutland City Police Officer Jessica Ebbighausen was killed on Friday afternoon. The crash happened as police chased a vehicle driven by Rheaume, a suspect in an attempted break-in at a house, state police said. Evidence indicates that Rheaume crossed the center line and collided head-on with the Ebbighausen’s cruiser, police said. The suspect’s truck also hit another police cruiser. Ebbighausen and another officer riding in the passenger’s seat were not wearing seat belts, state police said. Ebbighausen was pronounced dead at the scene. The two other officers and Rheaume were taken to Rutland Regional Medical Center with injuries, police said. Rheaume was transferred to the University of Vermont Medical Center in Burlington, where he was listed in serious but stable condition on Saturday afternoon, police said. One officer was released from the Rutland hospital on Friday, and the other was released Saturday. After an autopsy was completed on Saturday, nearly three dozen law-enforcement officers and first responders escorted Ebbighausen’s body in a procession from the medical examiner’s office in Burlington back to Rutland, state police said. Ebbighausen was a part-time Rutland City officer since May and was scheduled for training in August to become a full-time officer, police said. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:58:23","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"McCaul says he sees no wrong in providing Ukraine with cluster bombs","link":"https://thehill.com/policy/international/4087499-mccaul-says-he-sees-no-wrong-in-providing-ukraine-with-cluster-bombs/","keywords":["International","House","News","cluster bombs","cluster munitions","Michael McCaul","russia","Russia-Ukraine war","ukraine"],"creator":["Julia Mueller"],"video_url":null,"description":"House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas) on Sunday said he sees no wrong in President Biden’s controversial decision to equip Ukraine with cluster munitions as Kyiv mounts its counteroffensive against Russia. “They want these as self-defense to use against Russians in their own country of Ukraine. I don't see anything wrong with that...","content":"House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas) on Sunday said he sees no wrong in President Biden’s controversial decision to equip Ukraine with cluster munitions as Kyiv mounts its counteroffensive against Russia. “They want these as self-defense to use against Russians in their own country of Ukraine. I don’t see anything wrong with that because, quite honestly, … as you look at the counteroffensive, it’s been slowed tremendously because this administration has been so slow to get the weapons in. These weapons would be a game changer,” McCaul said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” The administration on Friday announced plans to provide Ukraine with the long-requested weapons. Cluster munition are designed to spread out multiple submunitions over a wide area, and are banned by more than 100 countries due to the risks the explosives pose to civilians. Biden has the decision, saying the Ukrainians “needed them.” “I’m really pleased the administration has finally agreed to do this,” said McCaul who has been critical of the pace of aid sent to Ukraine by the Biden administration. McCaul noted that neither the U.S. nor Ukraine are a signatory to the Geneva Convention on cluster munitions, and that Russia is dropping cluster bombs in Ukraine “with impunity.” “All the Ukrainians and Zelensky are asking for is to give them the same weapons the Russians have to use in their own country, against Russians who are in their own country. They do not want these to be used in Russia,” McCaul said.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:57:52","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/05/64652baea64094.46652982-e1688909969245.jpeg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"WHO experts on deadly virus sweeping across Europe - symptoms, deaths and arrival in UK","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/who-experts-deadly-virus-sweeping-27287130","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Antony Thrower, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Cases of Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF) have broken out over the globe","content":"A deadly virus has been recorded in Europe and across the globe - with experts warning it could soon be seen in the UK. Cases of Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF) were first seen in Iraq and Namibia. There have now been cases in Spain as well as deaths recorded in Pakistan. And an urgent health warning has already been issued in what has been described as the current biggest threat to public health and is feared to be accelerated by climate change. The virus - which causes high fever and joint pain - is spread through ticks. The illness is caused by Nairovirus and according to the World Health Organization (WHO), it has a fatality rate of between 10 and 40 percent, the Mirror reports. READ MORE: The 'secret' button inside your car that can save money on fuel Last week, insiders speaking to Parliament's Science, Innovation and Technology Committee revealed it was \"highly likely\" there could soon be cases in the UK. During the hearing, James Wood, head of veterinary medicine at Cambridge University, said CCHF could find its way to the UK \"through our ticks, at some point\". The disease is feared to be expanding out of its usual territories and moving towards the likes of Britain and France because of climate change. Scroll down to read all we know about the virus. What are the symptoms of CCHF? Among the virus' symptoms include headaches , high fever, back and joint pain, stomach ache, and vomiting. Red eyes, a flushed face, a red throat, and petechiae (red spots) on the palate are also common. In severe cases, WHO warns that jaundice, mood swings and sensory perception are experienced. As the illness progresses, large areas of severe bruising, severe nosebleeds, and uncontrolled bleeding at injection sites can be seen, beginning on about the fourth day of illness and lasting for about two weeks. In documented outbreaks of CCHF, fatality rates in hospitalised patients ranged from nine percent to as high as 50 percent. The long-term effects of CCHF infection have not been studied well enough in survivors to determine whether or not specific complications exist. However, recovery is slow. How is it spread? According to the WHO, human-to-human transmission can occur resulting from “close contact with the blood, secretions, organs or other bodily fluids of infected persons”. Concerningly, there is currently no vaccine available for either people or animals infected by the disease. CCHF is transmitted to people by either bites from ticks or through contact with infected animal blood or tissues immediately after slaughter. Hosts of CCHF include a wide range of wild and domestic animals such as cattle, sheep and goats. According to the WHO, the majority of cases have occurred in people involved in the livestock industry, such as agricultural workers, slaughterhouse workers and veterinarians. How many reported deaths has there been? Iraq was reportedly in a major battle with the disease last year, with 212 incidents recorded between January 1 and May 22. Of those, 169 were reported between April and May alone. Agence France-Presse added in May that almost 100 additional cases - and 13 deaths - were so far in 2023 attributed to the toll in Iraq.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:53:37","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27287140.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_JS302812961.jpg","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Outgoing climate chief 'disappointed' by Tory and Labour net zero plan","link":"https://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/23643625.outgoing-climate-chief-disappointed-tory-labour-net-zero-plan/?ref=rss","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The outgoing chair of the UK Government’s statutory climate advisers has been left “extremely disappointed and increasingly concerned” that neither the Tories nor Labour are prioritising a move to net zero.","content":"The outgoing chair of the UK Government’s statutory climate advisers has been left “extremely disappointed and increasingly concerned” that neither the Tories nor Labour are prioritising a move to net zero. Tory peer Lord Deben, who has stepped down as chairman of the Climate Change Committee (CCC), has warned that both his Conservative colleagues in Westminster and Keir Starmer’s ambition o become the next government, are not taking the climate crisis seriously enough. Lord Deben was asked on Times Radio , whether he was “surprised” by the lack of enthusiasm for the climate crisis by both major parties at Westminster, giving the scale of the challenge to tackle it. Read more: Climate advisers: UK has 'undermined' COP26 progress with oil push In response, Lord Deben said: “Well, I don't think I'm surprised, I'm just extremely disappointed and increasingly concerned because it seems to me that it is the priority. “There is nothing more important than securing the world for our children. “And indeed, I may be quite old now, but it's securing it for me, because this is changing so fast that we are going to make the world an impossible place for us to live in the way in which we have lived up to now.” Lord Deben stressed that “we have to act very quickly”, but insisted “it can be done”. He added: “It's still within our reach as the Climate Change Committee said to the Prime Minister, you can get back on course if you move now and don't wait for the next election.” Lord Deben said the Prime Minister has “recommitted himself to the money that is going to the developing countries” so they “can go straight to renewables”. Read more: Rishi Sunak reportedly set to drop £11.6bn climate and nature pledge He added: “The last thing we want is for them to go through the oil and gas period. “That is a very major recommitment. But there's a lot more to do.” Reports had suggested that Rishi Sunak was ready to drop a £11.6bn pledged to help developing nations tackle the climate crisis. Lord Deben also issued a warning to his Conservative colleagues at Westminster concerned about immigration that a failure to tackle the climate crisis will simply exacerbate the issue. Estimates suggest that as many as 1.2 billion people could be displaced globally by 2050 due to the climate crisis and natural disasters. Lord Deben said: “I would say to those people who are most concerned about migration, you have not seen anything yet. “When these countries are too hot to live in, people will move not to better their lives, but to have a life of their own. “So unless we act very urgently, we're going to have a world which is absolutely destroyed by climate change.” Read more: What Scotland can learn from Dutch North Sea innovators The warning came as Labour shadow chancellor criticised tactics used by climate campaigners, insisting she has “got no time” for Just Stop Oil. She added that the tactics of disputing sporting events was “a bit pathetic and quite tedious”. She added: “If they want to tackle climate change, engage in the policy answers, but they are not building support for their cause, they are doing the exact opposite. “So it is counter-productive and it is rude frankly. “People paid to go to Wimbledon, it may be the one time in their life that they get to Wimbledon, they don’t want to be disrupted by a load of protesters.”","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:45:05","image_url":"https://www.heraldscotland.com/resources/images/16979770/?type=app&htype=0","source_id":"heraldscotland","category":["environment"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Mobile speed camera locations for Grimsby and Scunthorpe areas - July 9-15","link":"https://www.grimsbytelegraph.co.uk/news/motoring/mobile-speed-camera-locations-grimsby-8586575","keywords":["News"],"creator":["newsdesk@grimsbytelegraph.co.uk (Paul Johnson)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Safer Roads Humber and Humberside Police enforce mobile speed cameras around the region","content":"A popular route into Cleethorpes will be visited by mobile speed cameras in the coming week. Speed traps will be set up on the A1031, both along the Humberston Road and Tetney Road sections. It is one of a number of routes due to be visited by enforcement officers in the next seven days. These will include roads in Belton and Scunthorpe. Safer Roads Humber and Humberside Police enforce mobile speed cameras around the region to help crack down on speeding motorists. Mobile vans visit sites across the entire Humber region. READ MORE: Man hits 115mph on A180 - and earns himself a visit to court Drivers can see where the mobile cameras are likely to be situated through the daily enforcement schedule on the Safer Roads Humber website. However, not all locations are listed on the schedule, so motorists should take care and exercise caution when driving in the region. Mobile speed cameras will be coming to these sites across northern Lincolnshire: Sun July 9: Sites across the region Mon July 10: Westgate Road, Belton Tue July 11: B1430 Normanby Road, Scunthorpe Wed July 12: Tetney Road, Humberston Thu July 13: A161 Belton to Woodhouse (40mph) Fri July 14: A1031 Humberston Road, Cleethorpes (30mph) Sat July 15: Sites across the region For those crossing the Humber Bridge, mobile speed cameras will be in the following locations in East Yorkshire. Sun July 9: Sites across the region Mon July 10: B1248 between Bainton roundabout and Tibthorpe (near Driffield) Tue July 11: A614 Howden Road - Holme-on-Spalding Moor to Howden Wed July 12: A1105 Boothferry Road, Hessle Thu July 13: A1079 Beverley Road, Hull (30mph) Fri July 14: B1238 Main Road, Bilton Sat July 15: Sites across the region Humberside Police, in partnership with Safer Roads Humber, will be at several other sites throughout the week that are not listed above. Humberside Police reserves the right to enforce speed limits on any road, at any time.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:43:53","image_url":"https://i2-prod.hulldailymail.co.uk/incoming/article7140750.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/1_RBP_HMB_211118speed_001JPG.jpg","source_id":"grimsbytetelegraph","category":["politics","business","entertainment","health","top"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"The 'secret' button inside your car that can save money on fuel","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/secret-button-inside-your-car-27287073","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Kris Boratyn, Kate Lally, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Drivers have been urged to use the button","content":"Motorists have been told to use an underutilised button inside their car to save money on fuel. Doing so will help to help those inside the vehicle more comfortable - especially amid the recent hot weather. Drivers will likely not be surprised that their air-conditioning system uses engine power in diesel and petrol cars, or battery power in electric vehicles. For internal combustion engines that can lead to much bigger fuel consumption. The system usually works by taking the outside air and then heating or cooling it. However, drivers have now been told that this method uses much more fuel compared to the option which lets the car’s air-con system use the air from inside the car, the Liverpool Echo reports. READ MORE: Helen Skelton fans make same holiday observation and say 'you're not on Strictly now' Thankfully, there is a button specially designed to let motorists choose which option they prefer. If activated, the air recirculation button allows the aircon to use the air from inside the car by drawing it through vents. At the same time, it stops the outside air from getting in. The button is usually located around the aircon dial that allows the driver to set the internal temperature. It has a picture of a car with an arrow inside it. Using the button will help reduce fuel consumption as it puts less strain on the car's engine. The principle is the same for electric cars as the aircon will put less strain on the battery. \"The compressor requires energy to run your vehicle’s air conditioning system and so will use a small amount of fuel whenever the system is running,\" Bradley Jando from Kwik Fit said. He added: \"It could increase your fuel usage by as much as 10 percent, and the effects are particularly noticeable on short journeys. When you initially set off, the air con has to work hard to bring the internal temperature down to a comfortable level.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:41:43","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27287084.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_JS270113900.jpg","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Top EU lawmaker says firewall against German far right stands, but willing to work with Meloni","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/top-eu-lawmaker-says-firewall-against-german-far-right-stands-but-willing-to-work-with-meloni","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"BERLIN (AP) — The leader of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament said in an interview published Sunday that his party would not cooperate with the far-right Alternative for […]","content":"BERLIN (AP) — The leader of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament said in an interview published Sunday that his party would not cooperate with the far-right Alternative for Germany but expressed a willingness to work with Italy's far-right premier to curb migration. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* BERLIN (AP) — The leader of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament said in an interview published Sunday that his party would not cooperate with the far-right Alternative for Germany but expressed a willingness to work with Italy’s far-right premier to curb migration. Manfred Weber, the German EU lawmaker who heads the European People’s Party (EPP), dismissed suggestions that his bloc could drop its refusal to cooperate with Alternative for Germany at the state and federal level in the coming years amid growing support for the far-right party. “The firewall stands,” Weber told the Funke Medie Group, adding that Alternative for Germany “isn’t just a political competitor, but an adversary and enemy.” Weber, who is also co-leader of the conservative Christian Social Union at the national level, warned that the far right’s plans to dismantle the European Union would hurt Germany’s economy and security. Asked whether the EPP’s outreach to Italian post-fascist leader Giorgia Meloni undermined the conservatives’ stance toward the far right, Weber said it was important to work with all European governments to tackle the challenge of migration. “We need Italy as well,” he said, adding that fears about unrestricted migration would benefit Alternative for Germany. “We are currently working with Italy to implement a migration agreement with Tunisia. This will reduce the arrivals (or migrants) to the EU.” Two lawmakers with the Christian Social Union raised eyebrows in Germany this week by voting with Alternative for Germany in the national legislature for the first time. Both later claimed the votes had been in error. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:38:55","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Top EU lawmaker says firewall against German far right stands, but willing to work with Meloni","link":"https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/manfred-weber-ap-italy-european-parliament-giorgia-meloni-b2372058.html","keywords":["UK Politics","UK"],"creator":["Via AP news wire"],"video_url":null,"description":"The leader of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament says his party will not cooperate with the far-right Alternative for Germany but is willing to work with Italy’s far-right premier to curb migration","content":"The leader of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament said in an interview published Sunday that his party would not cooperate with the far-right Alternative for Germany but expressed a willingness to work with Italy 's far-right premier to curb migration. Manfred Weber , the German EU lawmaker who heads the European People’s Party (EPP), dismissed suggestions that his bloc could drop its refusal to cooperate with Alternative for Germany at the state and federal level in the coming years amid growing support for the far-right party. “The firewall stands,” Weber told the Funke Medie Group, adding that Alternative for Germany “isn't just a political competitor, but an adversary and enemy.” Weber, who is also co-leader of the conservative Christian Social Union at the national level, warned that the far right's plans to dismantle the European Union would hurt Germany's economy and security. Asked whether the EPP's outreach to Italian post-fascist leader Giorgia Meloni undermined the conservatives' stance toward the far right, Weber said it was important to work with all European governments to tackle the challenge of migration. “We need Italy as well,” he said, adding that fears about unrestricted migration would benefit Alternative for Germany. “We are currently working with Italy to implement a migration agreement with Tunisia. This will reduce the arrivals (or migrants) to the EU.” Two lawmakers with the Christian Social Union raised eyebrows in Germany this week by voting with Alternative for Germany in the national legislature for the first time. Both later claimed the votes had been in error.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:38:18","image_url":"https://static.independent.co.uk/2023/07/09/14/Europe_Far_Right_63360.jpg?width=1200&auto=webp","source_id":"independentuk","category":["politics"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Nine people shot in Cleveland’s Warehouse District: police","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/nine-people-shot-in-clevelands-warehouse-district-police","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"CLEVELAND (AP) — Nine people were wounded by gunshots early Sunday morning in a mass shooting in Cleveland, police said. Victims were taken to the hospital. No deaths were reported, […]","content":"CLEVELAND (AP) — An early morning shooting in a nightclub area of downtown Cleveland sent nine people to the hospital, but no fatalities were reported, authorities said. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* CLEVELAND (AP) — An early morning shooting in a nightclub area of downtown Cleveland sent nine people to the hospital, but no fatalities were reported, authorities said. Police said preliminary information indicates that someone opened fire toward a group of people in the Warehouse District at about 2:30 a.m. Sunday, about the time the clubs were closing. The suspect then fled the scene. Officers assigned to the district’s weekly detail arrived quickly and rendered medical aid, police said. Authorities reported that nine gunshot victims were taken to MetroHealth Medical Center, where their conditions weren’t immediately available. Detectives have been talking to victims at the hospital and reviewing video and other evidence, police said. No arrests were immediately reported. Police asked anyone with information about the shooting to contact them. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:37:21","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"U.S. Airstrike Kills ISIS Leader In Syria: DOD","link":"https://independent.ng/u-s-airstrike-kills-isis-leader-in-syria-dod/","keywords":["World","ISIS Leader"],"creator":["Agency Report"],"video_url":null,"description":"The United States Central Command (Centcom) on Sunday confirmed that a drone airstrike from Friday successfully killed an ISIS leader in Syria. The official statement announcing the news was shared across various platforms, including Centcom’s official Twitter account. In it, the agency confirmed the death of ISIS leader Usamah Al-Muhajir, with the airstrike taking place […]","content":"The United States Central Command (Centcom) on Sunday confirmed that a drone airstrike from Friday successfully killed an ISIS leader in Syria. The official statement announcing the news was shared across various platforms, including Centcom’s official Twitter account. In it, the agency confirmed the death of ISIS leader Usamah Al-Muhajir, with the airstrike taking place in an unspecified part of Eastern Syria. “This will disrupt and degrade ISIS’s ability to plan and conduct terror attacks,” the official statement read. “However, CENTCOM’s operations against ISIS, alongside partner forces in Iraq and Syria, will continue in order to achieve the group’s enduring defeat.” The statement further claimed that the MQ-9 drones, also known as “reapers,” involved in the strike had previously been engaged in a harassing encounter with Russian crafts. The statement continued: “The strike on Friday was conducted by the same MQ-9s that had, earlier in the day, been harassed by Russian aircraft in an encounter that had lasted almost two hours.” Centcom added that the strike is believed to have been carried out with no collateral harm to civilians, though the coalition in the region is currently assessing any reports made about civilian harm or death caused by the incident. “We have made it clear that we remain committed to the defeat of ISIS throughout the region,” General Michael “Erik” Kurilla, commander of Centcom, said. “ISIS remains a threat, not only to the region but well beyond.” Little information is currently available about Al-Muhajir and what his actions were in Syria. Newsweek reached out to the Department of Defense via email for comment.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:36:53","image_url":null,"source_id":"independentng","category":["world"],"country":["nigeria"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Thai PM frontrunner rallies supporters ahead of parliamentary vote","link":"http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/2023/jul/09/thai-pm-frontrunner-rallies-supporters-ahead-of-parliamentary-vote-2593053.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Pita Limjaroenrat's pro-democracy Move Forward Party (MFP) netted the most seats at the May 14 election but there are no guarantees it will be able to form government. BANGKOK: Thailand's progressive frontrunner for prime minister told supporters Sunday he would \"not step back\" ahead of a parliamentary vote this week that will determine if he will lead the country. Pita Limjaroenrat's pro-democracy Move Forward Party (MFP) netted the most seats at the May 14 election but there are no guarantees it will be able to form government or that he will become the premier. MFP's eight-party coalition has a total of 312 lower house seats but remains short of the 376 votes needed across both houses of parliament to endorse Pita for the top job. He faces resistance from the military-appointed, 250-member Senate, due to his party's controversial push to reform Thailand's royal defamation laws, as well as plans to shake up business monopolies. Meanwhile, outside parliament, he is being investigated over claims he was ineligible to run for office since he allegedly owned shares in a now-defunct media company. Legislators are not allowed to own media shares. Pita said the kingdom faces a momentous day this week when both the upper and lower houses will vote. \"If you do not step back, I won't,\" he told hundreds of supporters gathered in the rain in central Bangkok. \"If we make the right decision and give Thailand a chance, our country will develop,\" he told the crowd. But if the decision was wrong, he said Thailand's cycle of poor democracy would continue. \"I don't know how long we will have to wait before the golden chance of 13 July will come again,\" he added, referring to the date of the vote. Pita urged senators to remember \"we're all the people's politicians\". \"My thanks to those that say they're on the people's side and siding with the people's majority,\" he said. The United Thai Nation Party said last week it was considering whether to put up a rival candidate against Pita. Caretaker prime minister Prayut Chan-O-Cha, who came to power in a 2014 coup and formed a vast coalition government after the 2019 poll, sought re-election under that new party's banner.","content":"BANGKOK: Thailand's progressive frontrunner for prime minister told supporters Sunday he would \"not step back\" ahead of a parliamentary vote this week that will determine if he will lead the country. Pita Limjaroenrat's pro-democracy Move Forward Party (MFP) netted the most seats at the May 14 election but there are no guarantees it will be able to form government or that he will become the premier. MFP's eight-party coalition has a total of 312 lower house seats but remains short of the 376 votes needed across both houses of parliament to endorse Pita for the top job. He faces resistance from the military-appointed, 250-member Senate, due to his party's controversial push to reform Thailand's royal defamation laws, as well as plans to shake up business monopolies. Meanwhile, outside parliament, he is being investigated over claims he was ineligible to run for office since he allegedly owned shares in a now-defunct media company. Legislators are not allowed to own media shares. Pita said the kingdom faces a momentous day this week when both the upper and lower houses will vote. \"If you do not step back, I won't,\" he told hundreds of supporters gathered in the rain in central Bangkok. \"If we make the right decision and give Thailand a chance, our country will develop,\" he told the crowd. But if the decision was wrong, he said Thailand's cycle of poor democracy would continue. \"I don't know how long we will have to wait before the golden chance of 13 July will come again,\" he added, referring to the date of the vote. Pita urged senators to remember \"we're all the people's politicians\". \"My thanks to those that say they're on the people's side and siding with the people's majority,\" he said. The United Thai Nation Party said last week it was considering whether to put up a rival candidate against Pita. Caretaker prime minister Prayut Chan-O-Cha, who came to power in a 2014 coup and formed a vast coalition government after the 2019 poll, sought re-election under that new party's banner.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:36:00","image_url":null,"source_id":"newindianexpress","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"A Jan. 6 “Moms” Group Funded by Big Lie Donors Is Stoking Voter Suppression","link":"https://truthout.org/articles/a-jan-6-moms-group-funded-by-big-lie-donors-is-stoking-voter-suppression/","keywords":["News","Donald Trump","Education","Far Right","January 6","Moms for America","Republicans","Schools","Voter Suppression"],"creator":["Alyssa Bowen"],"video_url":null,"description":"The right-wing extremist group “Moms for America” has been flying under the radar as it works to undermine our rights.","content":"Julie Jenkins Fancelli, a Florida-based heiress to the Publix super markets fortune, was little known to the public before she was outed as a major sponsor of the dark money groups organizing the January 6 “Stop the Steal” rallies that culminated in the violent insurrection at the United States Capitol. Recent reporting by OpenSecrets uncovered that the George Jenkins Foundation, where Fancelli sits as board president and was the sole funder in 2021, gave millions more to groups involved in the January 5 and 6 rallies than previously known, including a staggering $1.375 million to a far right group called Moms for America. Moms for America has received significantly less media attention than other right-wing “women’s” groups — such as Moms for Liberty, Women for America First, the Independent Women’s Forum/Voice, and Concerned Women for America — that are funded by ultra-wealthy donors whose identities they keep secret from the public. But Moms for America has also been a major player in pushing voter suppression, election denialism, attacks on public schools and COVID-19 misinformation . Moms for America, which was created in 2005 as “Homemakers for America” and recently designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as an anti-government extremist group , deserves greater scrutiny for its role in January 6 and other efforts to undermine democracy. Its funders warrant greater scrutiny too. Moms for America and its staffers helped organize the January 5 “Stop the Steal” rally the day before the far right attack at the U.S. Capitol. Founder and President Kimberly Fletcher, who spoke at the January 5 rally, was subsequently subpoenaed by the House January 6 committee. During her deposition , Fletcher pled the Fifth Amendment to nearly every question posed to her, but the committee referenced exhibits demonstrating the high level of involvement Moms for America and its representatives played in organizing the event. These exhibits show that beginning in December 2020, Fletcher was part of a text thread with fellow rally organizers Ali Alexander, Nathan Martin and Ed Martin in which she told them she had secured permits for activities to answer then-President Donald Trump’s call to prevent the election from being certified. They also demonstrate that Moms for America Vice President Debbie Kraulidis helped coordinate accommodations for the January 5 “Stop the Steal” event attendees, and Moms for America provided a VIP list for the January 6 event at the White House Ellipse, where Trump spoke and urged the crowd to go to the Capitol and “fight like hell.” Cindy Chafian helped organize and spoke at the “Stop the Steal” rally on January 5, while her husband Scott Chafian acted as head of security, according to January 6 committee testimony . Moms for America soon thereafter hired Cindy Chafian as its “ director of coalitions and engagement. ” In her speech, Chafian addressed her comments directly to Trump: “We heard your call, and we are here for you, Mr. President.” She specifically thanked armed militias — the Oath Keepers, Three Percenters, First Amendment Praetorian (which her husband reportedly leads ) and the Proud Boys — for “defending” the crowd. She also disputed that the Proud Boys are white supremacists and led a chant in support of Proud Boy founder Enrique Tarrio, who was recently found guilty of seditious conspiracy for plotting to attack the Capitol on January 6. Video footage allegedly shows her marching up the stairs of the Capitol on January 6 and cheering as rioters assaulted a police officer. Moms for America board of directors member Charles W. Herbster, a former Trump adviser who has been accused of sexual assault by eight women , posted on Facebook the afternoon before the insurrection that he was “in the private residence of the President at Trump International with the following patriots who are joining me in a battle for justice and truth.” According to Herbster’s post , those in attendance were Sen. Tommy Tuberville (who denied being there despite photos of him in the hotel lobby that day), former Republican Attorneys General Association Executive Director Adam Piper, Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump, former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn (who Trump pardoned after he was convicted of a felony for lying to the FBI), Trump adviser Peter Navarro, Trump 2016 campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and deputy campaign manager David Bossie, who also led the conservative group Citizens United. The activities leading up to January 6 were not the only efforts Moms for America made to undermine the public’s faith in the legitimacy of U.S. elections. The group joined up with the “Stop the Steal” coalition to organize and participated in rallies promoting the Big Lie (that the 2020 election was stolen from Trump) and pushing for recounts in all 50 states, according to Moms for America’s 2020 “Year in Review” report . Mercedes Schlapp, who serves on Moms for America’s board of directors and previously worked for Trump’s 2020 campaign, created a legal fund to cover the defense of numerous individuals subpoenaed by the House January 6 committee. She is married to Matt Schlapp , chairman of the Conservative Political Action Conference . Additionally, Sherronna Bishop, whom Moms for America describes as an “Election Security Specialist,” has proposed getting rid of voting machines, automatic voter registration and most absentee voting . She was deeply involved in a scheme by former Colorado elections clerk Tina Peters to discredit the results of the 2020 presidential election in the state, which resulted in Bishop’s home being searched by the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Bishop was not charged as part of the investigation. Bishop also has had a close relationship to MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell, who produced a documentary about the incident in which Bishop co-starred . Bishop flew on Lindell’s private plane to Lindell’s 2021 Moment of Truth Conference in August 2022, where she went on her own conspiratorial rant about the “2020 fraud election” and other claims that have repeatedly been debunked. Fancelli’s 2021 contribution to Moms for America amounted to more than a third of the group’s funding that year, but it also received donations from other far right groups tied to January 6 and the Big Lie. In fact, Moms for America saw a massive influx of cash in 2021, taking in $3.1 million in contributions, a dramatic increase from just $408,000 in 2020. Moms for America’s second-largest known donor in 2021, the Bradley Impact Fund (BIF), a pass-through group that disguises the identities of its donors, contributed $752,500. BIF is legally separate but closely tied to the Bradley Foundation , a massive right-wing foundation that journalist Jane Mayer exposed for its role in pushing the Big Lie . Some of the Bradley foundation’s previously secret funders include Barre Seid, Richard Uihlein and Paul Singer — all recently in the news for their ties to right-wing activist Leonard Leo’s court capture network. BIF also gave more than $7 million that year to Charlie Kirk’s Turning Point USA, a right-wing group that helped transport Big Lie enthusiasts to the January 6 rallies, and received (together with its action arm) at least $1 million from Fancelli for January 6 organizing and legal efforts. Moms for America also took in $10,000 from America’s Future Inc., a dark money group chaired by Michael Flynn , who called for Trump to declare “martial law” and stop the certification of the 2020 election. America’s Future gave nearly $1 million to the “Cyber Ninjas” that engaged in the faux and repeatedly discredited Arizona “audit.” Moms for America Action (MFA Action), the group’s 501(c)(4) arm, launched in 2020, but is now “pending inactive” in Virginia where it is registered on account of a past-due annual report and unpaid fees. MFA Action has so far not responded to efforts by True North Research to obtain its 2021 tax filings. This lack of transparency by a group actively involved in trying to influence election results is concerning given the significant amount of work the group has done to get out the vote among “conservative women of faith” ahead of the November 2020 election. It has a 15-state plan “to engage and mobilize moms to get out the mom vote” in 2024, as well as in other state and local elections, specifically school board elections, in 2023. Moms for America is also one of the dark money groups behind the recent manufactured outrage targeting public schools. The group launched MomForce, an initiative targeting education, in August 2021 and has hosted trainings for right-wing moms on how to disrupt their local school boards and run for office themselves. In 2022, Moms for America bragged about creating a legal fund designed specifically to “help moms” battle with what it claims are “increasingly radical and overreaching behavior” by schools. The real radical overreach is by groups like Moms for America who attack the honest teaching of history and measures to treat students with respect for who they are. Attacks on schools are not unrelated to right-wing efforts to influence elections. Some in the media have credited the coordinated assault on Virginia public schools as the key to Glenn Youngkin’s upset victory in the 2020 Virginia gubernatorial election. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has made manufacturing outrage over schools — partnering with dark money agents from Moms for Liberty, the Manhattan Institute and the Leadership Institute — a centerpiece of his bid for the presidency. In fact, in the lead-up to the Florida election, Fancelli contributed $50,000 to a political action committee run by the anti-government organization Moms for Liberty, which donated to the campaigns of far right school board candidates in Florida, most of whom also received contributions from DeSantis’s PAC. Although MFA Action’s website does not list any endorsements for school board candidates in the Florida election, Moms for America claims to have had “big win[s]” including 43 school board seats in 13 Florida counties. In general, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit like Moms for America cannot expressly endorse an electoral candidate without risking its tax-exempt status. Moms for America seemingly has a significant presence in the state with local chapters in Polk County , Sarasota County , Palm Beach County and Brevard County, as well as a state liaison . Moms for America took credit for helping elect Governor Youngkin and taking over school board and city council seats in 17 states in 2021. MFA Action also endorsed candidates in Virginia in the state’s 2022 election. In 2023, it has officially backed dozens of school board and other local candidates’ elections in Virginia, South Carolina , Illinois and Texas . Moms for America’s staff and leadership also demonstrate the group’s focus on attacking public education. Rebecca Friedrichs, who is on Moms for America’s advisory council, was the lead plaintiff in a 2016 Supreme Court case against a California teachers union brought by a legal group funded by the right-wing Bradley Foundation. She later created a right-wing group dubbed “For Kids and Country,” which promotes a “union exit” for teachers and encourages parents to convince their children’s teachers to leave their unions. Sam Sorbo — who sits on Moms for America’s board of directors and is married to actor and right-wing provocateur Kevin Sorbo — created and runs an anti-public school group . Sorbo claimed on Newsmax that teachers “want to have sex with your children .” Right-wing public school privatization groups have increasingly relied on outrageous claims like this to ostensibly create public mistrust of school teachers and attack schools that treat LGBTQ+ children and adults with dignity. Moms for America also pushes extreme nationalism on children, with an entire section of its website dedicated to “restoring patriotism,” which includes jingoistic lesson plans and Zoom sessions pushing far right “values.” The group has produced “guides” for moms on how to oppose the truthful telling of history in schools and amplify the voices of right-wing parents , while silencing other parents. They also plan to create an anti-trans guide for parents. Like many anti-public school groups , Moms for America also has ties to right-wing religious fundamentalists. In 2019, the group attended a meeting of the secretive Council for National Policy, a Christian right group that has been described as a “a little-known club of a few hundred of the most powerful conservatives in the country .” Sam Sorbo has pushed for the teaching of religion in public schools and even claimed, without evidence, that if schools don’t teach the Bible, children will learn to hate it. She also claimed absurdly that it “is the best history book that we have.” Moms for America has also pushed against the separation of church and state in a blog post on supposed myths about the U.S. Constitution. Moms for America recently announced a partnership with Patriot Academy , a far right education group that claims to have trained more than 500,000 individuals in their religious fundamentalist dogma, for a series of Zoom meetings titled “Biblical Citizenship in Modern America,” a nonsensical title considering U.S. Constitution expressly bars any religious test or oath for holding office and explicitly bars Congress from establishing any religion as the state religion. Moms for America is a little-known group that is a relatively large cog in a well-resourced far right machine focused on assailing our democracy and core institutions, along with undermining rights most people in the U.S. hold dear. Despite its lack of name recognition nationally, the group has vast sums at its disposal. Moms for America and its donors should not be overlooked as it joins other dark money groups set on dominating local school boards and state elections in 2023 and 2024, as well as the upcoming 2024 presidential race. Note: True North Research Executive Director Lisa Graves, Research Fellow Caitlin Mahoney and Democracy Researcher Ansev Demirhan contributed to this report.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:31:41","image_url":"https://truthout.org/app/uploads/2023/07/03-02-2023-CPACDC-Edited-Kimberly-Fletcher-3-1200x900.jpeg","source_id":"truthout","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Latest line: A good week for firefighters, a bad week for Mark Ridley-Thomas","link":"https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/07/09/latest-line-a-good-week-for-firefighters-a-bad-week-for-mark-ridley-thomas/","keywords":["California Politics","Latest Headlines","Local News","News","Politics","Internal Affairs","PM Report","Regional"],"creator":["Bay Area News Group"],"video_url":null,"description":"So far, it's been a very slow year for wildfires; and a prominent city councilman faces years in prison.","content":"Due to one of the wettest winters in decades, and a snowpack that remains in much of the Sierra, acres burned in California wildfires are half of last year’s total for early July, and just 14% of the state’s 5-year average. Former state senator and assemblyman-turned L.A. city councilman loses bid for a new trial after bribery conviction for promising to steer millions of dollars in contracts to USC if his son got a scholarship and teaching job. Agencies that run buses and trains, like MUNI, BART, VTA and others, win $5.1 billion bailout over 4 years in new state budget. But will it be enough to offset the big drops in ridership due to work-from-home?","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:30:14","image_url":"https://www.mercurynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/SJM-JULYSKI-0702-5.jpg?w=1400px&strip=all","source_id":"mercurynews","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"As the West Bank burns, Palestinians are just a heartbeat away from civil war","link":"https://thehill.com/opinion/international/4085641-as-the-west-bank-burns-palestinians-are-just-a-heartbeat-away-from-civil-war/","keywords":["International","Opinion","Benjamin Netanyahu","Iran","Israel","Mahmoud Abbas","West Bank"],"creator":["Eric Mandel, Opinion Contributor"],"video_url":null,"description":"To call the situation in Israel today \"volatile\" would be quite the understatement. Hamas is praising terrorists for their attacks against Israeli civilians in Tel Aviv. The Palestinian Authority is cutting off security coordination with Israel. A significant Israeli operation to clear terrorist strongholds in the West Bank has just been completed. With the embers...","content":"To call the situation in Israel today “volatile” would be quite the understatement. Hamas is for their attacks against Israeli civilians in Tel Aviv. The Palestinian Authority is cutting off with Israel. A significant Israeli operation to clear terrorist strongholds in the West Bank has just been completed. With the embers still burning in the Samarian Hills, the question is whether we are seeing the beginning of a Third Intifada. But there is another shoe yet to drop. The death of the ailing 87-year-old President , whenever it happens, will make things significantly worse. Abbas is an unpopular figure with his citizenry. Currently in the 18th year of his four-year term as president of the Palestinian Authority, he holds every major role in the Palestinian leadership, Fatah, the PLO and the security apparatus. His passing will create a huge vacuum and a window of opportunity for a rogues gallery of characters who have been waiting in the wings to pounce. This includes Iranian-sponsored terrorists such as and the , as well as supporters of convicted murderers such as and a myriad of corrupt PA officials just waiting for the opportunity to line their pockets. Unfortunately, the best and brightest of Palestinian society are not likely to accede to senior positions to lead their people to a better tomorrow. The Washington Institute’s “Sudden Succession Series, ,” asks how the U.S. might “adjust to the new situation.” There is no reason for America to be reactive and wait for Abbas’s passing. A Third Intifada is already brewing, there has been an uptick in in the West Bank, and rockets are being fired from the West Bank toward Israeli cities for the first time in nearly two decades. The PA has lost control of the cities of Jenin, Nablus and Tulkram to Iranian allies Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hamas. The remnants of PA security forces in those areas still compete to kill and maim as many IDF soldiers and Israeli civilians as possible. Everyone who commits violent acts is celebrated as a hero or martyr, knowing the PA will pay them and their families compensation for their actions, better known in the U.S. as “ Congress passed to stop payments to the PA until it stopped paying for and incentivizing terrorism. The Biden administration’s circumvention of the plain meaning of the to economically support the PA gets to the heart of the question of how America and Israel deal with the PA. Although Netanyahu doesn’t say it publicly, he wants the PA to be strengthened so that it can work with Israel on security coordination and not let anarchy reign in the West Bank. For America, this is not about resolving the conflict but rather about lowering the flames before things get even more out of control. Israel may need to execute a more significant operation soon, similar to , which quelled the in 2002. It will cause a conflagration spilling over to Gaza and perhaps igniting Hezbollah and Iranian-controlled militias in Syria. The world will be outraged and call for Israel to be sanctioned. The Biden administration is no fan of Israel’s current coalition. They interpret Israel’s expansion of in response to Palestinian violence, and Israel’s lax prosecution of vigilante violence against Palestinian villages as unnecessary provocations, as inflaming a volatile situation that could spin out of control. Jerusalem Post writer Herb Keinon believes Netanyahu cannot ignore the reality of the situation, or else he will end up in a confrontation with the Biden administration. “Netanyahu must lay out ” he writes. “Up until now, when security cooperation has worked with the PA, it worked because the Palestinians believed this would be the path to statehood. But if Netanyahu is blocking that path through word and action, then what incentive do they have for working with Israel?” The Biden administration, meanwhile, will have to make some tough choices. Sitting on the sidelines with milquetoast statements calling for peace will only inflame an already explosive situation. America’s most prominent pro-Israel organization, , recently wrote a letter to its supporters regarding the increasingly volatile situation in the West Bank. “America must unequivocally stand by our ally Israel as it defends itself from terrorism, pressure the PA to increase its security cooperation with the Jewish State, and demand Palestinian leaders stop their anti-Israel incitement,” it reads. But if Netanyahu wants Biden on his side, he must make concessions. Netanyahu now appears to be at his since he first became prime minister over 25 years ago. He has to show true leadership and prioritize Israel’s security situation. The current Israeli operation just bought some time, and Israel will likely need a that could last months. Therefore, he must offer Biden some face-saving gestures if he wants full American support. Netanyahu needs to be proactive and negotiate with Biden now. He will likely have to concede on settlement expansion for the time being and take charge of his rabble-rousers as a quid pro quo for steadfast U.S. support for a long-term operation and putting pressure on the PA to work more closely with Israeli security. For Netanyahu, getting half a loaf is better than getting none.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:30:00","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/06/64881479d28661.83632695.jpeg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Manchester United's longest-serving players after David de Gea exit","link":"https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/manchester-united-team-news-latest-27286481","keywords":["Manchester United FC"],"creator":["newsdesk@men-news.co.uk (Richard Fay)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Man Utd could lose a number of experienced players this summer after David de Gea confirmed his exit.","content":"It is the end of an era for Manchester United following David de Gea's permanent departure. The Spaniard confirmed over the weekend that he would be leaving the club after his contract expired last month, bringing to an end his 12-year stay at Old Trafford. De Gea, 32, was the last remaining playing member of the Sir Alex Ferguson regime and the last player at the club who had won a Premier League title with United. It is a huge shame he left without the opportunity to be properly thanked for his service, and few fans would begrudge De Gea the opportunity to play a testimonial match in the future. Want to join our MUFC Pro club for a totally ad-free version of the MEN’s Man United app packed with premium features? Click here READ MORE: United take Andre Onana risk amid 10-day transfer deadline His exit is a reminder of the high standards set by Erik ten Hag and, although executed poorly, how ruthless the United manager is prepared to be to move the club in the direction he wants. De Gea will be missed by his teammates, but his absence provides an opportunity for someone else to step in and establish themselves as leaders in the dressing room. His departure also means there is now a new longest-serving player at the club, one who remains integral to Ten Hag's plans heading into the next season. Luke Shaw will celebrate a decade at United next summer, having joined the club all the way back in 2014 as Louis van Gaal's second signing. The 27-year-old has been at the club longer than any other teammate and looks set to stay there for the foreseeable future after signing a new long-term contract back in April. It means he could have been at the club for 13 years by the time his deal expires in June 2027. Anthony Martial is the second longest-serving, having arrived in 2015, with Marcus Rashford the third-longest after making his breakthrough during the same campaign. Eric Bailly is the fourth-longest serving player after arriving in the 2016 summer transfer window, while a year later Scott McTominay broke into the first team. It means United could lose a few more experienced players this summer, with Bailly set to leave while the club considers offers for both Martial and McTominay. Follow the MEN's United coverage on TikTok and YouTube , and subscribe to the Manchester is Red podcast","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:30:00","image_url":"https://i2-prod.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/article27286723.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_GettyImages-1487579137.jpg","source_id":"manchestereveningnews","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Russian teenager Mirra Andreeva reaches 4th round at Wimbledon in her debut at the All England Club","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/sports/tennis/2023/07/09/russian-teenager-mirra-andreeva-reaches-4th-round-at-wimbledon-in-her-debut-at-the-all-england-club","keywords":["Tennis","World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"WIMBLEDON, England (AP) — Sixteen-year-old Mirra Andreeva, playing at Wimbledon for the first time, earned the final spot in the fourth round of the grass-court Grand Slam tournament on Sunday. […]","content":"WIMBLEDON, England (AP) — Sixteen-year-old Mirra Andreeva, playing at Wimbledon for the first time, earned the final spot in the fourth round of the grass-court Grand Slam tournament on Sunday. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* WIMBLEDON, England (AP) — Sixteen-year-old Mirra Andreeva, playing at Wimbledon for the first time, earned the final spot in the fourth round of the grass-court Grand Slam tournament on Sunday. The Russian qualifier is the latest teen sensation in tennis, and she isn’t disappointing at the All England Club. Andreeva is the youngest player since Coco Gauff in 2019 to reach the women’s fourth round at Wimbledon. She reached the third round at this year’s French Open in her first major tournament. Despite trailing 4-1 in the second set, Andreeva beat 22nd-seeded Anastasia Potapova 6-2, 7-5 on No. 3 Court. “I came back from 1-4, so of course I feel great,” Andreeva said on court before explaining how she keeps her cool. “Today, honestly, even if I wanted to show some emotions, I honestly, I couldn’t because I was out of breath almost every point. I really couldn’t show any emotions.” They came out after, though, when Andreeva sat in her chair and pulled her purple Wimbledon towel up over her face for a few seconds to regain her composure. Andreeva will next face No. 25 Madison Keys for a spot in the quarterfinals. The third-round victory came 21 minutes after Marketa Vondrousova became the first player to reach the Wimbledon quarterfinals. Vondrousova defeated 32nd-seeded Marie Bouzkova 2-6, 6-4, 6-3. Fourth-seeded Jessica Pegula also reached the quarterfinals. The 29-year-old American beat Lesia Tsurenko 6-1, 6-3 and will next face Vondrousova. Fridays The Free Press sports editor keeps you up to date on all that’s happening on the ice, the field, the court, and places in between. This year is only the second time play is officially scheduled for the middle Sunday at Wimbledon. Four times in the past, in 1991, 1997, 2004 and 2016, organizers used the day to deal with a backlog of matches. The last man to reach the fourth round was 21st-seeded Grigor Dimitrov. He beat Frances Tiafoe 6-2, 6-3, 6-2 in a match that started on Saturday. He will next face sixth-seeded Holger Rune. Later Sunday, top-seeded Iga Swiatek was scheduled to face Belinda Bencic on Centre Court. Seven-time champion Novak Djokovic will follow that match against Hubert Hurkacz. ___ AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:28:57","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Woman, 18, refused entry into McDonald's because she didn't have ID","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/woman-18-refused-entry-mcdonalds-27286911","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Sam Volpe, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Holly Munoz said she was left \"embarrassed and upset\" by the incident","content":"A woman has been left feeling \"embarrassed and upset\" after she was refused entry into a fast food restaurant. Holly Munoz, 18, was with a friend the same age when the pair went to get some food at McDonald's in Cramlington, Northumberland. But the duo were turned away as they didn't have any identification. Holly and her friend had just been to the local Vue cinema before walking over the road to the eatery just after 4pm on Wednesday, July 5. When they got to the door, Holly says an \"aggressive\" member of door staff refused them entry and told them ID was necessary to go inside. The restaurant has a temporary policy restricting access to under-18s without a parent or guardian in place due to reported anti-social behaviour, ChronicleLive reports. READ MORE: Mum left lying on A&E floor in 'excruciating pain' for 42 hours The pair were forced to return home, with Holly later going back to the restaurant with her dad, Julian. He said that staff there ignored his complaints and the same member of door staff was \"aggressive\" towards him too and denied having even spoken to his daughter. McDonald's have said it had introduced \"various measures\" in response to anti-social behaviour, but that customers being asked for ID would not happen again. A sign on the door of the fast food restaurant (Image: Iain Buist/Newcastle Chronicle) Speaking about the incident, Holly said: \"It's embarrassing when you are just going to get food and they don't let you in. We had just been to the cinema. We're quite independent, we do everything ourselves. \"And I just think when McDonald's says it's for everyone, this is bad for the brand. It was upsetting. To turn away people just because they are young.\" Her dad Julian added: \"I do understand that we have a huge problem with anti-social behaviour - as does much of the North East. But for some reason the security they have on the door is like if you were going out in Newcastle. \"My daughter went to the cinema and then following that she walked over he road to get some tea. She was confronted at the front door and asked for ID. Surely that's got nothing to do with security. I'd understand more if it was a big group of kids but it wasn't. \"They both work in the shopping centre, they're both students. They're going to university next year - but they can't go to McDonald's? It's astonishing.\" A McDonald’s spokesperson said: \"The safety and security of our people and our customers is our utmost priority, and our Cramlington restaurant has introduced various measures to help mitigate the challenges of anti-social behaviour affecting the wider area. \"These include employing security guards and making the decision to temporarily restrict restaurant access to under-18s who are unaccompanied after 4pm. We continue to work closely with Northumbria Police to understand how we can be part of the solution.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:26:09","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27286916.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_JS304964767.jpg","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Senior Tory George Eustice admits UK need more EU workers","link":"https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tory-brexit-remain-eu-shortage-b2371987.html","keywords":["UK Politics","UK"],"creator":["Archie Mitchell"],"video_url":null,"description":"George Eustice said labour shortages caused by ‘failure of post-Brexit immigration policy’","content":"A leading Tory Brexiteer has admitted the UK needs more workers from the EU to ease labour shortages and tackle inflation . Former environment secretary George Eustice called on Rishi Sunak to negotiate bilateral deals with European countries offering work visas for young people. He hit out at the prime minister over labour shortages and the resulting inflationary pressures, claiming they were not caused by Brexit, but by “the failure of our post-Brexit immigration policy ”. And Mr Eustice challenged Mr Sunak over “flaws” in the current “so-called skills-based immigration system”, adding that the policy does not correspond to the needs of the economy. While he did not call for a return to freedom of movement between the UK and EU, Mr Eustice urged Mr Sunak to “rekindle that post-Brexit friendship with our European neighbours”. The former minister’s comments will be seen as an admission of the failings of the government’s post-Brexit immigration policy. They come amid growing unease among Conservative MPs about the failings of Brexit, and as senior Tory Tobias Ellwood has called for Britain to rejoin the single market. Mr Eustice told The Observer : “We are allowing in people who are deemed skilled such as lawyers, insolvency practitioners, museum officers, even disc jockeys, when we have no shortages whatsoever in those sectors. “But we are not allowing people to come here to work in sectors like the food industry, even though there are acute labour shortages in these sectors, and that is contributing to inflation. “So that is the big problem. My proposal is that we commence bilateral negotiations with EU member states, starting with countries like Bulgaria, Romania and the Baltic states, and widen it to the whole of the EU eventually, to establish a reciprocal youth-mobility visa scheme.” Mr Eustice said the agreements should see EU citizens under 35 allowed to live and work in the UK for two years, while UK citizens would be allowed to do the same in EU member states with which deals were struck. His intervention is the latest sign of a split within the Conservative Party on immigration, coming just days after a group of right-wing MPs launched the so-called New Conservatives. The group is calling for Mr Sunak to crack down on foreign social care workers and overseas students to bring net migration down from 606,000 to below 226,000 before the next election . The New Conservatives group was slapped down by No10 and branded “populist and isolationist” by fellow Tory MPs . Mr Eustice also attacked Theresa May’s post-Brexit immigration policy, calling it “a remainer’s interpretation of what Brexit was about”. “This idea of having no temporary visa schemes was not from the Vote Leave campaign,” he said. Mr Eustice added: “That was not what Brexit was about. People wanted controlled immigration and not to pull up the drawbridge and allow no one in at all.” Industries including hospitality, retail, construction and transport have been blighted by the loss of EU workers post-Brexit. The British Retail Consortium has blamed Brexit for “exacerbating Labour shortages” facing the sector. A home office spokesman said: “We already have successful Youth Mobility Schemes with 10 countries, including Australia and New Zealand, and remain open to agreeing them with our international partners, including EU member states. “We work closely with the Migration Advisory Committee to ensure our points-based system delivers for the UK and works in the best interests of the economy, including reviewing the Shortage Occupation List to ensure it reflects the current labour market.”","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:23:48","image_url":"https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/09/06/14/704553f8c4178f096274bd92c9cc840eY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjYyNTU2MzU5-2.65732059.jpg?width=1200&auto=webp","source_id":"independentuk","category":["politics"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Solar storm to make Northern Lights visible in 17 US states","link":"https://thehill.com/homenews/4087477-solar-storm-to-make-northern-lights-visible-in-17-us-states/","keywords":["News","Energy & Environment","aurora borealis","Northern Lights","solar storm"],"creator":["Julia Mueller"],"video_url":null,"description":"A solar storm is expected to make the Northern Lights visible in 17 U.S. states on Thursday, forecasters say. The Geophysical Institute at the University of Alaska at Fairbanks is predicting the aurora borealis lights will be visible in states farther south than usual. The colorful phenomenon is typically seen in Alaska, Canada and Scandinavia...","content":"A solar storm is expected to make the Northern Lights visible in 17 U.S. states on Thursday, forecasters say. The Geophysical Institute at the University of Alaska at Fairbanks is the aurora borealis lights will be visible in states farther south than usual. The colorful phenomenon is typically seen in Alaska, Canada and Scandinavia in the north, but the forecasters say the lights could be glimpsed on Thursday in states as far south as Indiana and Maryland. The “highly active auroral displays” will be visible in Alaska, Washington, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Vermont, North Dakota, South Dakota, New York, New Hampshire and Maine. They’ll be visible “low on the horizon” in Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming, Indiana and Maryland, according to the forecasters. The aurora borealis lights, which occur when a magnetic solar wind hits the planet’s magnetic field, will be visible in the more southern states as an 11-year solar cycle nears an expected peak in 2024.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:20:49","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/04/6446efdbeaf441.65816163-e1688907614552.jpeg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["environment"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Tennessee ban on gender-affirming care for trans youth reinstated","link":"https://www.thepinknews.com/2023/07/09/tennesee-trans-youth-gender-affirming-healthcare-ban/","keywords":["Law","News","Trans","US","gender-affirming healthcare","Tennessee","trans youth"],"creator":["Harriet Williamson"],"video_url":null,"description":"A panel of judges has voted to reverse the block on Tennessee’s law barring trans youth from accessing gender-affirming care, such as puberty blockers, while the legislation is being challenged in court. On Saturday (8 June), the US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ruled in a 2-1 decision that the law can go […] The post Tennessee ban on gender-affirming care for trans youth reinstated appeared first on PinkNews | Latest lesbian, gay, bi and trans news | LGBTQ+ news.","content":"A panel of judges has voted to reverse the block on Tennessee’s law barring trans youth from accessing gender-affirming care, such as puberty blockers, while the legislation is being challenged in court. On Saturday (8 June), the US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ruled in a 2-1 decision that the law can go into effect immediately. The panel of three judges voted to reverse the decision of a lower court, which prohibited the enforcement of the anti-trans law while it is undergoing legal challenges. The appeals court ruled that challenges to Tennessee’s Senate Bill 1 (SB1) were unlikely to succeed on claims that the ban is unconstitutional. SB1 denies all under-18s in the state the right to trans healthcare, such as physically-reversible puberty blockers. It also bans gender-affirming surgeries for minors, which is already not legal anywhere in the US – or in the many other countries worldwide, including the UK. The gender-affirming care ban was signed into law by governor Bill Lee on 2 March and would leave doctors who provide trans medical care to minors at risk of legal action from parents, guardians and the state attorney general. On 26 April, and alleging that a ban on providing medically necessary care to trans minors violates the Fourteenth Amendment’s Equal Protection clause. for the middle district of Tennessee described the legislation as violating “the constitutional rights of some of Tennessee’s most vulnerable citizens” and codifying “discrimination against children who already face far too many obstacles”. In Saturday’s appeals ruling, Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote: “Life-tenured federal judges should be wary of removing a vexing and novel topic of medical debate from the ebbs and flows of democracy by construing a largely unamendable federal constitution to occupy the field. The ban was previously scheduled to go into effect on 1 July, and is part of – much of it targeting trans youth – currently sweeping the US. , 20 states have introduced laws banning trans youth from accessing gender-affirming care, while at least another seven are considering similar policies. Judge Sutton stated that the appeals court hopes to reach a final decision on the Tennessee law by 30 September.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:20:36","image_url":null,"source_id":"pinknews","category":["top","health","politics","sports"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Home Bargains in Immingham among 60 stores in UK to introduce bakery section","link":"https://www.grimsbytelegraph.co.uk/news/grimsby-news/home-bargains-immingham-among-60-8586396","keywords":["News"],"creator":["newsdesk@grimsbytelegraph.co.uk (Lauren Davidson)"],"video_url":null,"description":"The affordable bakery section will be rolled out at the Kennedy Way store in the near future","content":"A Home Bargains store in our area will be the latest to get an in-store bakery. The chain is best-known for discounted household and garden products, but larger stores also include a range of food including store cupboard essentials, and chilled and frozen food. Now, the Immingham branch will be one of 60 stores nationwide to get a fresh bakery. Located in Kennedy Way, the story will stock a range of savoury and sweet treats. Prices will range from sweet pastries at 50p, to loaves of bread from just over £1. Read more: Immingham's very own karate kid, 10, representing England at World Champs A spokesperson for Home Bargains said: “In recent years the market for fresh baked good in the UK has grown significantly and the bakeries we have introduced at stores nationwide have allowed customers to enjoy our competitively priced fresh bakery range. “We are looking forward to introducing more bakeries in stores as we roll out our fresh bakery range for customers across the UK to enjoy.” Some of the items you'll be able to snap up in the Immingham store, as well as their prices, are as follows: 5 pack sausage rolls - £1.09 Baguette - 75p 3 pack demi baguette - 69p 4 pack scotch rolls - 85p 5 pack tiger rolls - £1.25 4 pack iced, sugared or chocolate ring donuts - 99p 10 mini jam, sugar or chocolate doughnuts - £1 5 pack cookies, white chocolate, milk chocolate, double chocolate - 99p 2 pack vanilla crown - 79p Cinnamon Whirl - 55p Chocolate and Hazelnut Croissant - 94p Maple and Pecan Plait - 55p Chocolate Twists - 59p Cheese Twist - 59p","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:16:29","image_url":"https://i2-prod.grimsbytelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article8586447.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_KD_HMB_130119assets_05.jpg","source_id":"grimsbytetelegraph","category":["politics","business","entertainment","health","top"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"They said it: Endless winter","link":"https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/07/09/they-said-it-endless-winter/","keywords":["Latest Headlines","Lifestyle","News","Opinion","Political Cartoons","Politics","Things To Do","Internal Affairs"],"creator":["Bay Area News Group"],"video_url":null,"description":"Quote of the week.","content":"“Nine months of skiing. A season to remember….It’s been quite the run.”","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:15:48","image_url":"https://www.mercurynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/SJM-JULYSKI-0702-28.jpg?w=1400px&strip=all","source_id":"mercurynews","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Backlash builds as Japan prepares to release wastewater from Fukushima nuclear plant","link":"https://www.npr.org/2023/07/09/1186677021/japan-fukushima-nuclear-plant-wastewater-release","keywords":null,"creator":["The Associated Press"],"video_url":null,"description":"Protesters say the release, which won the endorsement of the United Nations' nuclear watchdog last week, sets a bad precedent that may encourage other countries to dispose nuclear waste into sea.","content":"Protesters stage a rally against Japanese government's plan to release treated radioactive water from Fukushima nuclear power plant, at the National Assembly in Seoul, South Korea, on Sunday, July 9, 2023. Ahn Young-joon/AP hide caption Protesters stage a rally against Japanese government's plan to release treated radioactive water from Fukushima nuclear power plant, at the National Assembly in Seoul, South Korea, on Sunday, July 9, 2023. SEOUL, South Korea — South Korean opposition lawmakers sharply criticized the head of the United Nations' nuclear watchdog on Sunday for its approval of Japanese plans to release treated wastewater from the damaged Fukushima nuclear power plant. They met with Rafael Grossi in a tense meeting in Seoul that took place while protesters screamed outside the door. Grossi, the International Atomic Energy Agency's director general, arrived in South Korea over the weekend to engage with government officials and critics and help reduce public concerns about food safety. The IAEA last week approved the Japanese discharge plans, saying the process would meet international safety standards and pose negligible environmental and health impacts. South Korea's government has also endorsed the safety of the Japanese plans. In his meeting with members of the liberal Democratic Party, which controls a majority in South Korea's parliament, Grossi said the IAEA's review of the Japanese plans was based on \"transparent\" and \"scientific\" research. He acknowledged concerns over how the Japanese plans would play out in reality and said the IAEA would establish a permanent office in Fukushima to closely monitor how the discharge process is implemented over the next three decades. \"Our conclusion has been that this plan, if it is carried out in the way it has been presented, would be in line, would be in conformity with the international safety standards,\" Grossi said. The lawmakers responded by harshly criticizing IAEA's review, which they say neglected long-term environmental and health impacts of the wastewater release and threatens to set a bad precedent that may encourage other countries to dispose nuclear waste into sea. They called for Japan to scrap the discharge plans and work with neighboring countries to find safer ways to handle the wastewater, including a possible pursuit of long-term storage on land. The party has also criticized the government of South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol for putting people's health at risk while trying to improve relations with Japan. \"If you think (the treated wastewater) is safe, I wonder whether you would be willing to suggest the Japanese government use that water for drinking or for industrial and agricultural purposes, rather than dumping it in the sea,\" Woo Won-shik, a Democratic Party lawmaker who attended the meeting, told Grossi. The party said Woo has been on a hunger strike for the past 14 days to protest the Japanese discharge plans. Further details from the meeting weren't immediately available after reporters were asked to leave following opening statements. Closely watched by parliamentary security staff, dozens of protesters shouted near the lobby of the National Assembly's main hall where the meeting was taking place, holding signs denouncing the IAEA and Japan. Grossi was to fly to New Zealand later on Sunday and would then travel to the Cook Islands as he further tries to reassure countries in the region about the Japanese plans. Hundreds of demonstrators had also marched in downtown Seoul on Saturday demanding that Japan scrap its plans. A massive earthquake and tsunami in 2011 destroyed the Fukushima plant's cooling systems, causing three reactors to melt and release large amounts of radiation. Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, which operates the facility, has been storing the treated water in hundreds of tanks that now cover most of the plant and are nearly full. Japanese officials say the tanks must be removed to make room to build facilities for the plant's decommissioning and to minimize the risk of leaks in case of another major disaster. The tanks are expected to reach their capacity of 1.37 million tons in early 2024. Japan first announced plans to discharge the treated water into the sea in 2018, saying the water will be further diluted by seawater before being released in a carefully controlled process that will take decades to complete. The safety of Fukushima's wastewater has been a sensitive issue for years between the U.S. allies. South Korea and Japan have been working in recent months to repair relations long strained over wartime historical grievances to address shared concerns such as the North Korean nuclear threat and China's assertive foreign policy. In a statement released by state media on Sunday, North Korea also criticized the Japanese discharge plans, warning against \"fatal adverse impact on the human lives and security and ecological environment.\" The statement, which was attributed to an unidentified official in North Korea's Ministry of Land and Environment Protection, also criticized Washington and Seoul for backing the Japanese plans. \"What matters is the unreasonable behavior of IAEA actively patronizing and facilitating Japan's projected discharge of nuclear-polluted water, which is unimaginable,\" it said. \"Worse still, the U.S. and (South) Korea openly express unseemly 'welcome' to Japan's discharge plan that deserves condemnation and rejection, provoking strong anger of the public.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:15:43","image_url":null,"source_id":"npr","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Analysis Forecast 2023-2029 Global Industry Demand, Sales, Growth Rate, Key Application, Trends and By Region - United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India","link":"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119695/lithium-thionyl-chloride-battery-market-analysis-forecast","keywords":["Energy & Environment"],"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market research report covers global current market size estimation, market situation, structure, products, leading industry players, and segmentation by types and applications. In addition, the Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market study focuses on the characteristics","content":"Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Analysis Forecast 2023-2029 Global Industry Demand, Sales, Growth Rate, Key Application, Trends and By Region - United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India 07-09-2023 03:13 PM CET | Energy & Environment Press release from: ReportsnReports Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); The Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market research report covers global current market size estimation, market situation, structure, products, leading industry players, and segmentation by types and applications. In addition, the Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market study focuses on the characteristics that significantly influence the Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market and might have a massive effect on its future growth. Also included in the research are details on the drivers that lead to growth and the market's limitations and recent gains. (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); Download FREE Sample Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=7300450 Report Includes: This report presents an overview of global market for Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery, capacity, output, revenue and price. Analyses of the global market trends, with historic market revenue/sales data for 2018 - 2022, estimates for 2023, and projections of CAGR through 2029. By Company - SAFT - MAXELL - VITZROCELL - TADIRAN - EVE Battery - EaglePicher - Wuhan Forte - Shenzhen GEBC Energy - Guangxi Ramway New Energy Corp - Shenzhen Malak - Zhejiang Htone - Shenzhen PKCELL BATTERY - GlobTek - XenoEnergy - S-Connect Co.,Ltd - KONNOC BATTERY (TAIWAN) - Wuhan LISUN - Re-Energy Co., Ltd - Ultralife - Jauch Group - Akku Tronics New Energy Technology - Ewtbattery - Chengdu Jianzhong Lithium Battery - Power Glory Battery Tech(Shenzhen) Segment by Type - Capacity Type - Power Type Segment by Application - Smart Meters - Automotive Electronics - Remote Monitoring - Communication Equipment - Military - Others Production by Region - North America - Europe - China - Japan Chapter Outline Chapter 1: Introduces the report scope of the report, executive summary of different market segments (by Type and by Application, etc.) Chapter 2: Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery production/output of global and key producers (regions/countries). Chapter 3: Sales (consumption), revenue of Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery in global, regional level and country level. Direct Purchase of the Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Research Report (Use Available 25% Discount Coupon Code: DIS25) https://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=7300450 Table of Contents 1 Study Coverage 1.1 Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Product Introduction 1.2 Market by Type 1.2.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Size by Type, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.2.2 Capacity Type 1.2.3 Power Type 1.3 Market by Application 1.3.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Size by Application, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.3.2 Smart Meters 1.3.3 Automotive Electronics 1.3.4 Remote Monitoring 1.3.5 Communication Equipment 1.3.6 Military 1.3.7 Others 1.4 Assumptions and Limitations 1.5 Study Objectives 1.6 Years Considered 2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Production 2.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Production Capacity (2018-2029) 2.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Production by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 2.3 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Production by Region 2.3.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Historic Production by Region (2018-2023) 2.3.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Forecasted Production by Region (2024-2029) 2.3.3 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Production Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 2.4 North America 2.5 Europe 2.6 China 2.7 Japan 3 Executive Summary 3.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue Estimates and Forecasts 2018-2029 3.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue by Region 3.2.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 3.2.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue by Region (2018-2023) 3.2.3 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue by Region (2024-2029) 3.2.4 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 3.3 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales Estimates and Forecasts 2018-2029 3.4 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales by Region 3.4.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 3.4.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales by Region (2018-2023) 3.4.3 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales by Region (2024-2029) 3.4.4 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 3.5 US & Canada 3.6 Europe 3.7 China 3.8 Asia (excluding China) 3.9 Middle East, Africa and Latin America 4 Competition by Manufactures 4.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales by Manufacturers 4.1.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.1.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Sales Market Share by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.1.3 Global Top 10 and Top 5 Largest Manufacturers of Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery in 2022 4.2 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue by Manufacturers 4.2.1 Global Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Revenue by Manufacturers (2018-2023) and More… Any Doubt or Need Customization Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?name=7300450 ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian Tower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ, Hadapsar, Pune-411013, India + 1 347 333 3771 sales@reportsandreports.com About Us: \"ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian.\" Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading Global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 3350000 micro-markets. This release was published on openPR. Permanent link to this press release: Copy Please set a link in the press area of your homepage to this press release on openPR. openPR disclaims liability for any content contained in this release. Share Tweet Email { \"@context\": \"https://schema.org\", \"@type\": \"NewsArticle\", \"mainEntityOfPage\": \"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119695/lithium-thionyl-chloride-battery-market-analysis-forecast\", \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 15:13:19\", \"dateModified\": \"2023-07-09 15:13:19\", \"headline\": \"Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Analysis Forecast 2023-2029 Global Industry Demand, Sales, Growth Rate\", \"image\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709282576_g.jpg\", \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 15:13:19\", \"caption\": \"Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market\", \"representativeOfPage\": \"1\" }, \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"keywords\": \"\", \"publisher\": { \"@type\": \"Organization\", \"name\": \"openPR\", \"logo\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://www.openpr.com/fx/openpr-logo-amp-186x50.png\", \"width\": \"186\", \"height\": \"50\" } } } You can edit or delete your press release Lithium Thionyl Chloride Battery Market Analysis Forecast 2023-2029 Global Industry Demand, Sales, Growth Rate, Key Application, Trends and By Region - United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India here Delete press release Edit press release News-ID: 3119695 • Views: 99 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:13:19","image_url":"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709282576_k.jpg","source_id":"openpr","category":["environment"],"country":["germany"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Monsoonal rains swing from 10-per cent deficit to a surplus in 8 days","link":"https://www.nationalheraldindia.com/environment/monsoonal-rains-swing-from-10-per-cent-deficit-to-a-surplus-in-8-days","keywords":["Environment"],"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The bountiful rains in many parts of India in the first eight days of July have bridged the rainfall deficit for the entire country, according to the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) data.","content":"The bountiful rains in many parts of India in the first eight days of July have bridged the rainfall deficit for the entire country, according to the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) data. The cumulative rainfall in the monsoon season has reached 243.2 mm, which is 2 per cent above the normal of 239.1 mm. However, there are large-scale regional variations in rainfall. While the eastern and northeastern region has recorded a deficiency of 17 per cent (375.3 mm against a normal of 454 mm), north India has witnessed 59 per cent excess rainfall (199.7 mm against a normal of 125.5 per cent), the latest IMD data showed. Also Read: Monsoon covers entire country six days early: IMD Central India, where a large number of farmers rely on monsoonal rains, has recorded 264.9 mm rainfall against a normal of 255.1 mm, an excess of 4 per cent. The rainfall deficiency in south India has reduced from 45 per cent to 23 per cent. At the end of June, the cumulative rainfall for the entire country was 148.6 mm, which was 10 per cent below the normal precipitation. However, the recent rains have significantly improved the situation. The IMD had earlier predicted normal rainfall in July, ranging from 94 to 106 per cent of the long-period average. However, below-normal precipitation is expected in many areas of northwest, northeast and southeast peninsular India. Also Read: Monsoon report: It's really cloudy and raining all over! The incessant rains over northwest India since Saturday have set all-time records at many places. While Delhi recorded 153 mm rainfall in a 24-hour period ending at 8:30 am on Sunday, the highest in a single day in July since 1982, Chandigarh and Ambala reported record rainfall of 322.2 mm and 224.1 mm respectively. Many areas in Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, coastal Karnataka and Gujarat have recorded \"heavy to very heavy\" precipitation. Follow us on: Facebook , Twitter , Google News , Instagram Join our official telegram channel ( @nationalherald ) and stay updated with the latest headlines","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:06:07","image_url":"https://gumlet.assettype.com/nationalherald/2023-07/d9bec4b0-2897-4542-977e-de6fe2c975e2/GettyImages_1240914244.jpg","source_id":"nationalheraldindia","category":["environment"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Helen Skelton fans make same holiday observation and say 'you're not on Strictly now'","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/helen-skelton-fans-make-same-27286949","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Jessica Sansome, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"The mum-of-three enjoyed a trip away with some of her friends","content":"Fans of Helen Skelton have said 'you're not on Strictly now' after the star posted pictures of herself in Ibiza. The 39-year-old enjoyed a trip away with her friends to an adult-only hotel on the party island. Mum-of-three Helen garnered an army of fans when she made it to the final of BBC's Strictly Come Dancing with dancing partner Gorka Marquez. And fans have compared her stint on the show to her choice of footwear on the beach. She shared a photo of her trip showing her on the beach in high heels, the Mirror reports. Helen wrote on social media: \"Short. Sharp. Special. Thanks for the reboot ladies and thanks for having us @trsibizahotel @onthebeachholidays.\" READ MORE: Helen Skelton selling marital home that made her 'heart sing' after split from ex Richie Myler Instagram user @david.calton.55 replied: \"Don't think you will get very far on the sand in those shoes.\" @ceridwen007snow posted: \"Helen, your heels sweetie, those heels are going to get ruined!!\" But @phil_afc8 added: \"Wear what ever shoes you think are best for you.\" Helen enjoying some time at the beach (Image: Helen Skelton) \"Heels in [the] sand? You're not on strictly now,\"@royrogers1612 joked. And @michael.eames commented: \"Wrong shoes for the beach.\" It comes after Helen's fans and followers appeared delighted that Helen had a great time away with her friends as they shared supportive comments. @marys_32summers said: \"Looks fab…as do you HS! Enjoy these moments with special people!\" @lauradunn366 replied: \"Looks amazing, what a place to recharge your batteries & celebrate your birthday.\" @jen_norr wrote: \"Looks amazing and so do you.\" @lindysheridan19 commented: \"Looks fabulous! You deserve lots of laughter and happiness.\" @stuartrichardmoye.bert added: \"Absolute natural beauty in every aspect..!!!!…You look absolutely sensational Helen..!!!…so lovely…!!! Hope you all had an amazing time..!!!\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:05:38","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27286953.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_helen.png","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"US drone strike kills Islamic State group leader in Syria, Defense Department says","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/us-drone-strike-kills-islamic-state-group-leader-in-syria-defense-department-says","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. drone strike killed an Islamic State group leader in Syria hours after the same MQ-9 Reaper drones were harassed by Russian military jets over the […]","content":"WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. drone strike killed an Islamic State group leader in Syria hours after the same MQ-9 Reaper drones were harassed by Russian military jets over the western part of the country, according to the Defense Department. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. drone strike killed an Islamic State group leader in Syria hours after the same MQ-9 Reaper drones were harassed by Russian military jets over the western part of the country, according to the Defense Department. Three Reapers had been flying overhead searching for the militant on Friday, a U.S. defense official said, when they were harassed for about two hours by Russian aircraft. Shortly after that, the drones struck and killed Usamah al-Muhajir, who was riding a motorcycle in the Aleppo region, said the official, who was not authorized to publicly discuss the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity to describe details of the military operation. The official said al-Muhajir was in northwest Syria at the time of the strike, but that he usually operated in the east. It was not immediately clear how the U.S. military confirmed that the person killed was al-Muhajir; no other details were provided. In a statement Sunday, U.S. Central Command said there are no indications any civilians were killed in the strike. The military was assessing reports a civilian may have been injured. Friday was the third day in a row that U.S. officials complained that Russian fighter jets in the region had conducted unsafe and harassing flights around American drones. Lt. Gen. Alex Grynkewich, head of U.S. Air Forces Central Command, said in a statement that during the Friday encounter, the Russian planes “flew 18 unprofessional close passes that caused the MQ-9s to react to avoid unsafe situations.” The first friction occurred Wednesday morning when Russian military aircraft “engaged in unsafe and unprofessional behavior” as three American MQ-9 drones were conducting a mission against IS, the U.S. military said. On Thursday, the U.S. military said Russian fighter aircraft flew “incredibly unsafe and unprofessionally” against both French and U.S. aircraft over Syria. Col. Michael Andrews, Air Forces Central Command spokesman, said the Thursday incident lasted almost an hour and included close fly-bys, by one SU-34 and one SU-35 and that they deployed flares directly into the MQ-9. U.S. officials said the drones were unarmed in the earlier flights, but were carrying weapons on Friday, as they were hunting al-Muhajir. “We have made it clear that we remain committed to the defeat of ISIS throughout the region,” said Gen. Erik Kurilla, commander of U.S. Central Command, in the statement. Rear Adm. Oleg Gurinov, head of the Russian Reconciliation Center for Syria, said this past week that the Russian and Syrian militaries had started a six-day joint training that ends Monday. Gurinov added in comments carried by Syrian state media that Moscow was concerned about the flights of drones by the U.S.-led coalition over northern Syria, calling them “systematic violations of protocols” designed to avoid clashes between the two militaries. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:02:53","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Public meetings across the Bay Area are being ‘Zoom bombed’ with hate speech–and no one knows how to stop it","link":"https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/07/09/public-meetings-across-the-bay-area-are-being-zoom-bombed-with-hate-speech-and-no-one-knows-how-to-stop-it/","keywords":["California News","California Politics","Latest Headlines","Local News","Local Politics","News","Politics","First Amendment","Government","Hate Crime","Race & Race Relations","Religion"],"creator":["Katie Lauer"],"video_url":null,"description":"Bay Area officials are searching for answers to combat antisemitic, homophobic and racist comments made by mostly faceless, nameless bigots.","content":"When Kevin Wilk faced antisemitism for the first time in the East Bay, it was broadcast through the speakers inside Walnut Creek’s council chambers. Wilk, the first Jewish resident to be elected to the Walnut Creek City Council in the city’s 102-year history, was bewildered when people from what he describes as the “underbelly of society” disrupted two separate June meetings with hate speech. Local governments began using Zoom to sustain participation in public meetings during the pandemic, and three years later, the vital tech is still improving resident access around the Bay Area. But it’s also become a way for bigots and trolls to interject anonymous racist and homophobic messages into city proceedings. “Now to see it in our backyard, and have people calling in to just spew antisemitism and derogatory statements towards me, purely because I’m Jewish, is stunning,” Wilk, who joined the Council in 2016 has lived in the area off and on for 50 years, said in an interview. “It makes me angry that there are people who are using anonymity to spread their hateful messages at people that they don’t know personally, but have been identified through the color of their skin, their religion, their gender identity, their ethnicity, or anything that these haters consider as ‘others.’” As government officials moved to provide remote viewing options beginning in 2020, malicious hackers started “Zoom bombing” meetings across the Bay Area, from city council proceedings in Walnut Creek, San Jose, Richmond and elsewhere, to gatherings of agencies such as the South Bay’s Valley Transportation Authority. Attendees were shocked by sudden racial slurs, pornographic images and more. Political provocateurs and unscrupulous commenters have continued bypassing added security measures using access links and codes that are legally required to be available to the public. As cities across the U.S. cope with how to quell the hateful rhetoric while ensuring freedom of speech, there seem to be more questions than clear-cut answers. Cities already prohibit vulgarity and direct threats, but how many warnings should be given before someone’s microphone is cut off? Can public meetings require identification of speakers, or introduce a lag that delays what is streamed online? Can officials limit the number of minutes or times someone speaks? tried to solve the problem last August by only allowing Zoom for basic access to municipal discussions, with comments reserved for in-person attendees only, but the backlash pushed district officials to reverse course two weeks later. The city of . When similar issues were argued in court this year, federal judges ruled that while during public comments, governments are . While some legal experts question the legitimacy of the view, the U.S. Supreme Court in 1952 also , which rebuked statements and publications that exposed racial or religious groups to “contempt, derision, or obloquy.” “Our First Amendment is so broad that — as the saying goes — even if I hate what you say, I’ll defend your right to say it,” Wilk said. “But freedom of speech does not mean freedom of reach. There has to be regulation, just as you can’t yell ‘fire’ in a crowded theater or incite a riot.” While city attorneys and legislators weigh their options, Wilk is adamant that these hate-speech incidents should not be ignored. “When it starts to really go beyond the boundaries of what was tolerated previously, I think it really is important to highlight that we’ve hit a touchstone now,” he said. “We’ve seen time and again throughout history, that when those kinds of comments are spread, people can become numb and almost accept them as just another opinion that they’re normalized. “That’s when the real danger occurs,” he said. Teresa Drenick, the Anti-Defamation League’s deputy regional director for the central Pacific region, said it’s vital that people report incidents of hate speech to organizations like hers, as well as local law enforcement, even when technically not dealing with criminal activity. That communication often provides the best opportunity to connect the dots about what’s happening with hate speech in the community, Drenick said. In 2021, anti-Jewish hate crimes reached an all-time high — both nationally and across California — in the 42 years that the ADL, a Jewish civil rights organization, began collecting data. Such crimes rose again last year, setting a new record. “We need to pay attention that hate crimes and antisemitism are on the rise, because we as a society need to know that it’s happening and be aware in order to combat it,” Drenick said. “The opposite is to stay silent and not say anything, and that is far worse.”","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:00:29","image_url":"https://www.mercurynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/EBT-L-ZOOMHATE-07XX-01.jpg?w=1400px&strip=all","source_id":"mercurynews","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"As the climate crisis intensifies, HHS refuses to do its part","link":"https://thehill.com/opinion/energy-environment/4085604-as-the-climate-crisis-intensifies-hhs-refuses-to-do-its-part/","keywords":["Energy and Environment","Opinion"],"creator":["David Introcaso, opinion contributor"],"video_url":null,"description":"U.S. healthcare is the largest industry in the largest economy in the world; HHS should not be a cause of the climate-related health harms it reimburses the healthcare industry to alleviate.","content":"In January I the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) appeared uninterested in mitigating the healthcare industry’s massive carbon footprint. To appreciate how massive, if every nation emitted our healthcare system’s per capita rate of greenhouse gases (GHGs), the total would the entire global carbon budget to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius by 2030. U.S. healthcare is the largest industry in the largest economy in the world; HHS should not be a cause of the climate-related health harms it reimburses the healthcare industry to alleviate. Having again failed to promulgate any regulations to mitigate industry hydrocarbons this year, and it being inconceivable to do so during the upcoming election year, HHS has in effect declared defeat. It is mortifying to realize HHS refuses to address the fact that healthcare is a climate-destroying industry and consequently guilty of . This is literally true for the approximately 160 million current Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries — those whose health and well-being HHS is responsible for protecting. The climate crisis can increase the severity of of known human pathogenic diseases. Because they are already compromised due to higher incidence rates of co-morbidities, Medicare seniors are at even related to arthropod-borne, food-borne and water-borne diseases. Extreme heat episodes are particularly deadly. Over the past 20 years, heat-related mortality among seniors has increased . Children, of whom are Medicaid beneficiaries, are uniquely vulnerable. Fine respirable particles resulting from fossil fuel use are particularly harmful because children breathe more air than adults relative to their body weight. published last year concluded the health effects to the fetus, infant and child include preterm and low-weight birth, infant death, hypertension, kidney and lung disease, immune-system dysregulation, structural and functional changes to the brain and a constellation of behavioral health diagnoses. This was not supposed to be. Immediately upon taking office, the Biden administration issued two executive orders related to the “climate crisis.” The directed all administrative departments to take any action to “reduce greenhouse gas emissions” and to “hold polluters accountable, including those who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities.” The announced the administration would take a “whole of government” approach because the “government must drive … [the] mitigation of climate pollution and climate-related risks in every sector of our economy.” It ordered HHS to create a climate change office to address “the impact of climate change on the health of the American people.” When HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra launched in August the Office of Climate Change and Health Equity (OCCHE), to “use every tool at our disposal to address the climate crisis.” OCCHE immediately partnered with the National Academy of Medicine (NAM) to create an “ to decarbonize the healthcare industry. HHS also launched that month an designed to calculate environmental burden, including substandard air quality resulting from fossil fuel combustion, that minoritized people disproportionately suffer. In 2022 the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) responded via proposed regulatory rulemaking. For example, the agency’s 2023 proposed asked the public “what would incentivize [ACA health plans] to take action on decarbonization?” CMS’s proposed 2023 Medicare similarly asked “what incentives” including “payment” “might assist” hospitals and others “in taking more action on … emissions reduction.” CMS complimented these efforts by launching a related designed to reduce health disparities among minority populations in part by addressing “manmade disasters” including “climate change.” Though it amounted to virtue signaling, HHS Secretary Becerra also launched in 2022 a requesting healthcare organizations to commit to reducing their GHG emissions 50 percent by 2030 because, as the secretary stated, “every stakeholder group in America must step up, and collaboration across the public and private sector is key.” This year, however, HHS called it quits. This past March, Becerra failed to even mention healthcare’s GHG emissions in testimony before three congressional committees concerning HHS’s 2024 budget. While assessing the causes of disparities within CMS programming, the agency’s 40-page and the agency’s related March failed to recognize the fact that climate crisis poses the greatest threat to health equity, as well as the fact that HHS programming is a significant contributor. Unlike last year’s proposed inpatient rule, this year’s ignores the topic. CMS’s two proposed Medicaid rules, published in May, also ignore the topic, despite the fact that first sentence of both state they are intended to “ .” During an April OCCHE/NAM action collaborative , CMS Director Liz Fowler could only note that the Innovation Center’s affords participating plans the option of offering undefined “climate change supports in the future.” During the meeting, Jon Perlin, CEO of the Joint Commission, which certifies hospitals meet CMS performance standards, the commission was withdrawing proposed hospital accreditation sustainability standards. Though the standards also amounted to greenwashing and though it is altogether within hospitals’ financial interests to decarbonize, Perlin stated sustainability standards would be because hospitals responses were, to no one’s surprise, overwhelmingly critical. The biosphere is rapidly destabilizing. Ocean heat content is at , the Northern Hemisphere’s summer disaster season is off to an early start made evident by , and a Canadian wildfire season that already is the . Three recent publications in Nature concluded that 9 percent of the world’s population already lives outside the “ ;” are being triggered substantially more rapidly than previously thought; and seven of eight life support have already been crossed. Yet, the world’s most powerful healthcare regulatory agency refuses to act.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:00:00","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/06/DCSmoke_060823_Getty.jpg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Harry Kane Manchester United forecast made if Tottenham Hotspur transfer becomes reality","link":"https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/kane-manchester-united-transfer-tottenham-27286063","keywords":["Manchester United FC"],"creator":["newsdesk@men-news.co.uk (John McDougall)"],"video_url":null,"description":"The Spurs captain has only a year left to go on his contract","content":"Harry Kane would be a guarantee of winning trophies at Manchester United if he were to make the move this summer, according to former Reds striker Louis Saha. Speculation surrounds the future of the Tottenham Hotspur captain this summer. United have been credited with an interest in England's all-time top scorer, but are exploring other options amid Spurs being reluctant to sell, especially to a domestic rival. Kane only has 12 months left to go on his contract at the North London club. This summer is the last chance Spurs realistically have to obtain a substantial fee for the striker, should he not sign a new contract, or risk seeing him walk away for free in 2024. Want to join our MUFC Pro club for a totally ad-free version of the MEN’s Man United app packed with premium features? Click here READ MORE: Erik ten Hag's dream Manchester United squad if they complete three more transfers United continue to monitor Kane's situation despite being discouraged from a move owing to Spurs' stance. But the Reds retain an interest should there somehow be a shift from Spurs, who have already rejected an approach from German side Bayern Munich for the forward. Saha believes United are the only other Premier League team he could see Kane heading to should he be on the move this summer. If a move does somehow materialise, then Saha feels Kane will be a guarantee of trophies owing to his goalscoring abilities and how he can unlock defences. Speaking to Paddy Power , Saha said: “Manchester United must prioritise signing a striker this window if they want to win the big trophies. They need to have two or three players that they rely on who can trouble any defence. “The only player who has shown that they can unlock every defence is Harry Kane. That type of striker is really difficult to get - there’s probably only a few options in Europe. “If Harry Kane really wanted to leave Spurs for United, he would have mentioned it, or showed a bit of interest. It seems like he doesn’t want to make any comment on it and he’s being very professional towards Tottenham. “In terms of Manchester United, they really need a world-class striker who can play at least 30 games a season in the Premier League. They also have the Champions League to contend with now as well. I’m sad that Harry Kane to Manchester United hasn’t materialised because he would’ve been a guarantee of a trophy. “Harry Kane is waiting to see what’s happening at a few clubs before deciding his future. Real Madrid will probably be his priority now that Karim Benzema has left. Carlo Ancelotti will be looking for a striker so he might be waiting for the right move and that’s why he’s not made a decision yet. “It’s frustrating because we all want to know what Kane’s decision is, but I hope he makes the right decision. With all respect to Tottenham, Harry Kane shouldn’t stay. \"He has to consider a big move for his career and any club looking for a top striker to win trophies should go for him, because that’s what he’ll do; he’ll deliver trophies. \"Just like Robin van Persie did for Manchester United after he left Arsenal, Harry Kane will do the same. It’s between Bayern Munich, Real Madrid or Manchester United – they’re the only Premier League team I can see him going to.” Follow the MEN's United coverage on TikTok and YouTube , and subscribe to the Manchester is Red podcast","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:00:00","image_url":"https://i2-prod.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/incoming/article27286067.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_GettyImages-1499849578.jpg","source_id":"manchestereveningnews","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Next steps on new health care deal tops agenda as premiers meet in Winnipeg","link":"https://www.thestar.com/politics/federal/2023/07/09/next-steps-on-new-health-care-deal-tops-agenda-as-premiers-meet-in-winnipeg.html","keywords":null,"creator":["Laura Osman - The Canadian Press"],"video_url":null,"description":null,"content":"OTTAWA - The last time all of Canada’s premiers sat down around the same table, their attention was focused on getting Ottawa to pay more to fix the understaffed, hospitals, shuttered emergency rooms, surgical backlogs and health-worker shortages threatening the viability of their health systems. When they sit down in Winnipeg for their annual summer gathering this week, the attention will turn more to how to use the new money Ottawa has now promised. After two years of provincial pleading and sabre rattling for a new health care deal, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau finally put new money on the table at a first ministers’ meeting in Ottawa in February. That $46 billion-deal fell far short of what provinces had asked for but they were left with little choice but to accept it. Dr. Kathleen Ross, the president-elect of the Canadian Medical Association, said health must remain at the top of the agenda. “We are really on the peak of our challenges at the moment,” Ross said in an interview. “We have to change how we are managing and delivering health care in Canada.” Health care is expected to dominate the first day of the three-day meeting. Economic issues and affordability are also on the agenda. Trudeau’s new health deal includes an increase to the annual federal health transfers — which provinces use to help pay for their health care systems — as well as money for still to be negotiated one-on-one deals tailored to each province and territory to address their specific needs. The money came with conditions: each province and territory has to create targets and timelines that will be used to show that the money is being used to improve access and care. None of the provinces or territories have submitted their plans to far, and the bulk of the new money isn’t expected to flow until they do. Provinces and territories are likely to compare notes before handing their plans over to the federal government, said Nunavut Health Minister John Main, but ultimately they will be unique to the challenges in each jurisdiction. “Things are quite fragile right now in terms of our staffing,” Main said of his territory. “With the pandemic, it really changed the foundation in terms of staffing, and we also saw worsening of some types of public health issues that we’re dealing with,” including mental health and tuberculosis. Nunavut officially signed on to the deal on Thursday, as did the Northwest Territories and Yukon. That leaves Quebec as the lone holdout to officially join the pact. Setting targets is an unenviable task for provinces, Ross said, but there are common areas the CMA would like to see them focus on. They recommend a goal of eliminating backlogs for priority procedures within three years and eliminating emergency room closures, among others. In many provinces emergency rooms, particularly in smaller communities, have been closed temporarily due to staffing shortages. Provinces and territories have been critical of how much money Ottawa put on the table. The prime minister’s deal will increase the federal share of health care costs from 22 per cent to 24 per cent next year, far short of the 35 per cent the provinces and territories were demanding. “It’s the starting point,” Main said. “It’s positive to see increased transfers, but is it enough? In my opinion, no.” Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos has called the offer “quite generous on a number of different levels.” Several provinces and territories are aiming to get their plan approved by the federal government by the end of the year, which means they may not receive much in the way of new funds until the new year. In the meantime, the federal government distributed $2 billion among provinces and territories last week to tide them over. “That was in reaction to the fact that, over the last few weeks in particular, we have seen emergency departments significantly impacted by the health human resources not being available, and backlogs in surgeries and diagnostics,” Duclos said at a press conference Thursday. Main said no province is likely to turn down one-time funds, but what they really need is stable, long-term money so they can make long-term plans. “We’re looking for predictable funding streams so that we can plan out where to direct resources and so that we have some surety in terms of building out programs or bringing on additional staffing capacity,” he said. The premiers are expected to publicly discuss how they plan to deal with the health crisis at the conclusion of their meetings on Wednesday. This report by The Canadian Press was first published July 9, 2023. Anyone can read Conversations, but to contribute, you should be a registered Torstar account holder. If you do not yet have a Torstar account, you can create one now (it is free) Sign In Register","pubDate":"2023-07-09 13:00:00","image_url":null,"source_id":"thestar","category":["politics"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"5 killed, 10 injured in LPG cylinder blast in Pakistan’s building","link":"https://kalingatv.com/world/5-killed-10-injured-in-lpg-cylinder-blast-in-pakistans-building/","keywords":["World","International News","Pakistan"],"creator":["IANS"],"video_url":null,"description":"Islamabad: At least five people were killed and around 10 others injured on Sunday in an LPG cylinder blast in a three-storied building on the Grand Trunk Road in Jhelum in Pakistan’s Punjab province. Five bodies had been recovered and injured have been rushed to the Jhelum District Headquarters (DHQ) Hospital, Additional Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) […] The post 5 killed, 10 injured in LPG cylinder blast in Pakistan’s building appeared first on KalingaTV.","content":"At least five people were killed and around 10 others injured on Sunday in an LPG cylinder blast in a three-storied building on the Grand Trunk Road in Jhelum in Pakistan’s Punjab province. Five bodies had been recovered and injured have been rushed to the Jhelum District Headquarters (DHQ) Hospital, Additional Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) Hassan Tariq was quoted as saying by Dawn. Four to five people were believed to be under the rubble and rescue efforts were under way to save them, he added The explosion took place at around 9:45 a.m., after which the rescue teams launched rescue operation. Tariq added that all senior doctors and staff were present at the DHQ hospital where the injured were being provided treatment while one seriously injured patient was referred to the Holy Family Hospital in Rawalpindi. Prev News Next News","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:58:50","image_url":null,"source_id":"kalingatv","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Southampton Let's Rock 2023: Pictures of the amazing acts","link":"https://www.dailyecho.co.uk/news/23643568.southampton-rock-2023-pictures-amazing-acts/?ref=rss","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Music fans flocked to Southampton Common to enjoy 80s-themed festival Let's Rock","content":"MUSIC fans flocked to Southampton Common yesterday to enjoy an 80s-themed festival. Thousands of festival-goers headed to the park as Let's Rock returned to the city once again . The event transformed the festival grounds into a kaleidoscope of neon colours, big hair, and leg warmers. Go West, Sinitta and Bob Geldof were just a few of the acts to grace the stage. Take a look at our picture gallery. We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused. Please report any comments that break our rules. Last Updated: Are you sure you want to delete this comment?","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:55:33","image_url":"https://www.dailyecho.co.uk/resources/images/16979392/","source_id":"dailyecho","category":["politics","entertainment","food"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Russia reports intercepting a missile over annexed Crimea and briefly halts traffic on key bridge","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/russia-reports-intercepting-a-missile-over-annexed-crimea-and-briefly-halts-traffic-on-key-bridge","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"Russian-installed authorities in the Crimean peninsula on Sunday reported shooting down a cruise missile near the city of Kerch and briefly suspending traffic on the Kerch bridge that links the […]","content":"Russian-installed authorities in the Crimean peninsula on Sunday reported shooting down a cruise missile near the city of Kerch and briefly suspending traffic on the Kerch bridge that links the annexed territory to Russia. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* Russian-installed authorities in the Crimean peninsula on Sunday reported shooting down a cruise missile near the city of Kerch and briefly suspending traffic on the Kerch bridge that links the annexed territory to Russia. The Moscow-appointed governor of Crimea, Sergei Aksyonov, said the interception of the missile by Russian air defenses didn’t result in any damage or casualties. He didn’t offer any details, including the type of the missile and its origin. In the nearby Russian region of Rostov, authorities on Sunday also reported shooting down a missile. Gov. Vasily Golubev said the missile was Ukrainian, and its debris damaged the roofs of several buildings. No casualties have been reported. Such attacks far beyond the front line on Russian regions on the border with Ukraine or the annexed Crimean peninsula have become common during the war in Ukraine that has just surpassed its 500-day mark. Officials in Russian regions and Moscow-appointed authorities in Crimea, which was illegally annexed in 2014, have regularly reported explosions, drone strikes, and even cross-border raids by Ukrainian saboteurs. Kyiv has never openly taken responsibility for these attacks. Last October, a massive explosion severely damaged the Kerch bridge — a key transport and supply route for Russian troops in Crimea — leaving it out of commission for weeks. In what appeared to be the first direct admission of Kyiv’s involvement, Ukraine’s Deputy Defense Minister Hanna Maliar in a Telegram post on Saturday listed the attack among the country’s main achievements in the war so far. “(It’s been) 273 days since (we) carried out the first strike on the Crimean bridge in order to disrupt the logistics for the Russians,” Maliar wrote. Among other successes, she also mentioned the sinking of the Moskva cruiser — something the Russian authorities refused to attribute to a Ukrainian attack. Maliar’s post on Sunday caught the attention of Russian state media and officials. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova once again called President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government a “terrorist regime” in an online statement condemning the attack. In other developments: — One of the defense commanders of the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol who returned to Ukraine on Saturday announced going back to the battlefield. The sprawling steelworks was the last bastion of resistance as Russian forces took control of the port city early on in the war. Azovstal’s more than 2,000 defenders left the steelworks in mid-May 2022 and were taken into Russian captivity. The five leaders, some of whom were part of the Azov national guard regiment that Russia denounces as neo-Nazi, were freed in a September prisoner swap and taken to Turkey, where they were to remain until the end of the war under the Turkish president’s protection. On Saturday, however, Zelenskyy brought them back to Ukraine. There was no immediate official explanation of how this squared with the conditions of the exchange. Speaking to reporters in Ukraine upon returning, Denys Prokopenko — one of the five commanders — said he will return to the battlefield. “I am deeply convinced that the army is a team effort. And from today we will continue the fight together with you. We will definitely have our say in battle,” Prokopenko was quoted by Ukrainian media as saying. — The death toll from the Russian missile strike on Lyman, a city in the partially occupied Donetsk region that was struck on Saturday, rose to nine on Sunday. Lyman is a few kilometers (miles) from the front line, where Russian troops have recently intensified fighting in the forests of Kreminna. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:55:29","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Battery Modules Market Future Outlook 2023-2029, Industry Demand, Trends, Size, New Opportunity, Scope, by Types - Soft Pack Battery Module, Square Case Battery Module","link":"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119692/battery-modules-market-future-outlook-2023-2029-industry","keywords":["Energy & Environment"],"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Battery Modules Market 2023 is an all-inclusive, proficient report provides an in-detail analysis of extensive drivers, challenges, restraints, opportunities, present market trends and approach influencing the Battery Modules Market industry together with projections and forecast to 2029. Battery Modules Market","content":"Battery Modules Market Future Outlook 2023-2029, Industry Demand, Trends, Size, New Opportunity, Scope, by Types - Soft Pack Battery Module, Square Case Battery Module 07-09-2023 02:54 PM CET | Energy & Environment Press release from: ReportsnReports Battery Modules Market (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); Battery Modules Market 2023 is an all-inclusive, proficient report provides an in-detail analysis of extensive drivers, challenges, restraints, opportunities, present market trends and approach influencing the Battery Modules Market industry together with projections and forecast to 2029. Battery Modules Market research study covers processing technique, investment plan, services as well as network management. The report additionally predicts future growth of The Battery Modules Market across the globe by integrating the information with relevant findings. (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); Download FREE Sample Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=7300398 Battery module can be understood as an intermediate product of lithium-ion cells and pack formed by combining lithium-ion cells in series-parallel mode and adding a single battery monitoring and management device. This report analyzes the segments data by Type and by Application, sales, revenue, and price, from 2018 to 2029. Evaluation and forecast the market size for Battery Modules sales, projected growth trends, production technology, application and end-user industry. By Company - BorgWarner Inc - Samsung SDI - Panasonic Industry - Williams Advanced Engineering - LG - Leclanché SA - Toshiba - Lithion - SCUD - Sunwoda - Dongguan Juda - Yinlong Energy - Beijing WeLion New Energy Technology - Tianjin Lishen - Suzhou Xingheng - Desay Battery - A123 System - PEVE Segment by Type - Soft Pack Battery Module - Square Case Battery Module Segment by Application - Automotive - Energy Storage - Consumer Electronics Production by Region - North America - Europe - China - Japan Direct Purchase of the Global Battery Modules Market Research Report (Use Available 25% Discount Coupon Code: DIS25) https://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=7300398 Table of Contents 1 Study Coverage 1.1 Battery Modules Product Introduction 1.2 Market by Type 1.2.1 Global Battery Modules Market Size by Type, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.2.2 Soft Pack Battery Module 1.2.3 Square Case Battery Module 1.3 Market by Application 1.3.1 Global Battery Modules Market Size by Application, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.3.2 Automotive 1.3.3 Energy Storage 1.3.4 Consumer Electronics 1.4 Assumptions and Limitations 1.5 Study Objectives 1.6 Years Considered 2 Global Battery Modules Production 2.1 Global Battery Modules Production Capacity (2018-2029) 2.2 Global Battery Modules Production by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 2.3 Global Battery Modules Production by Region 2.3.1 Global Battery Modules Historic Production by Region (2018-2023) 2.3.2 Global Battery Modules Forecasted Production by Region (2024-2029) 2.3.3 Global Battery Modules Production Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 2.4 North America 2.5 Europe 2.6 China 2.7 Japan 3 Executive Summary 3.1 Global Battery Modules Revenue Estimates and Forecasts 2018-2029 3.2 Global Battery Modules Revenue by Region 3.2.1 Global Battery Modules Revenue by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 3.2.2 Global Battery Modules Revenue by Region (2018-2023) 3.2.3 Global Battery Modules Revenue by Region (2024-2029) 3.2.4 Global Battery Modules Revenue Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 3.3 Global Battery Modules Sales Estimates and Forecasts 2018-2029 3.4 Global Battery Modules Sales by Region 3.4.1 Global Battery Modules Sales by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 3.4.2 Global Battery Modules Sales by Region (2018-2023) 3.4.3 Global Battery Modules Sales by Region (2024-2029) 3.4.4 Global Battery Modules Sales Market Share by Region (2018-2029) 3.5 US & Canada 3.6 Europe 3.7 China 3.8 Asia (excluding China) 3.9 Middle East, Africa and Latin America 4 Competition by Manufactures 4.1 Global Battery Modules Sales by Manufacturers 4.1.1 Global Battery Modules Sales by Manufacturers (2018-2023) 4.1.2 Global Battery Modules Sales Market Share by Manufacturers (2018-2023) and More… Any Doubt or Need Customization Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?name=7300398 ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian Tower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ, Hadapsar, Pune-411013, India + 1 347 333 3771 sales@reportsandreports.com About Us: \"ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian.\" Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading Global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 3350000 micro-markets. This release was published on openPR. Permanent link to this press release: Copy Please set a link in the press area of your homepage to this press release on openPR. openPR disclaims liability for any content contained in this release. Share Tweet Email { \"@context\": \"https://schema.org\", \"@type\": \"NewsArticle\", \"mainEntityOfPage\": \"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119692/battery-modules-market-future-outlook-2023-2029-industry\", \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 14:54:52\", \"dateModified\": \"2023-07-09 14:54:52\", \"headline\": \"Battery Modules Market Future Outlook 2023-2029, Industry Demand, Trends, Size, New Opportunity, Scope, by Typ\", \"image\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709776574_g.jpg\", \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 14:54:52\", \"caption\": \"Battery Modules Market\", \"representativeOfPage\": \"1\" }, \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"keywords\": \"\", \"publisher\": { \"@type\": \"Organization\", \"name\": \"openPR\", \"logo\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://www.openpr.com/fx/openpr-logo-amp-186x50.png\", \"width\": \"186\", \"height\": \"50\" } } } You can edit or delete your press release Battery Modules Market Future Outlook 2023-2029, Industry Demand, Trends, Size, New Opportunity, Scope, by Types - Soft Pack Battery Module, Square Case Battery Module here Delete press release Edit press release News-ID: 3119692 • Views: 125 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:54:52","image_url":"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709776574_k.jpg","source_id":"openpr","category":["environment"],"country":["germany"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Hundreds gather in Sarajevo to pay their respects to Srebrenica massacre victims","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/hundreds-gather-in-sarajevo-to-pay-their-respects-to-srebrenica-massacre-victims","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) — Hundreds lined the Bosnian capital’s main street Sunday as a truck carrying 30 coffins passed on its way to Srebrenica, where newly identified victims of Europe’s […]","content":"SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) — Hundreds lined the Bosnian capital's main street Sunday as a truck carrying 30 coffins passed on its way to Srebrenica, where newly identified victims of Europe’s only acknowledged genocide since World War II will be buried on the 28th anniversary of the massacre. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) — Hundreds lined the Bosnian capital’s main street Sunday as a truck carrying 30 coffins passed on its way to Srebrenica, where newly identified victims of Europe’s only acknowledged genocide since World War II will be buried on the 28th anniversary of the massacre. As the truck, covered with a huge Bosnian flag, briefly stopped in front of the country’s presidential building, members of the crowd tucked flowers into the canvas hiding the remains of victims found in mass graves and identified through DNA analysis. “It is devastatingly sad that hundreds of victims still have not been found and that some people still deny the genocide (in Srebrenica),” said Ramiza Gandic, who came to pay her respects. Newly identified Srebrenica massacre victims are reburied annually on July 11, the day the killing began in 1995, at a vast and ever-expanding memorial cemetery outside the eastern town. So far, the remains of more than 6,600 people have been found and reburied there. The Srebrenica killings were the bloody crescendo of Bosnia’s 1992-95 war, which came after the breakup of Yugoslavia unleashed nationalistic passions and territorial ambitions that set Bosnian Serbs against the country’s two other main ethnic populations — Croats and Bosniaks. In July 1995, Bosnian Serbs overran a U.N.-protected safe haven in Srebrenica. They separated at least 8,000 Muslim Bosniak men and boys from their wives, mothers and sisters, chased them through woods around the ill-fated town, and slaughtered them. The perpetrators then plowed their victims’ bodies into hastily made mass graves, which they later dug up with bulldozers, scattering the remains among other burial sites to hide the evidence of their war crimes. The massacre has been declared a genocide by international and national courts. Still, Serb leaders in Bosnia and neighboring Serbia continue to downplay or even deny it, despite the irrefutable evidence of what happened. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:48:47","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Future Outlook (2023-2029) Trends, Scope, Size, Demand, Competitors Study, by Region, Top Players - Aker Offshore Wind, GE, Oested, Vestas, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy","link":"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119691/wind-turbine-blade-recycling-market-future-outlook-2023-2029","keywords":["Energy & Environment"],"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market research report highlights an inside and out investigation of the current details worldwide Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market covering various aspects related to insights and development of the business. The information is isolated into","content":"Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Future Outlook (2023-2029) Trends, Scope, Size, Demand, Competitors Study, by Region, Top Players - Aker Offshore Wind, GE, Oested, Vestas, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 07-09-2023 02:48 PM CET | Energy & Environment Press release from: ReportsnReports Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); The Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market research report highlights an inside and out investigation of the current details worldwide Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market covering various aspects related to insights and development of the business. The information is isolated into assorted segments to work on the understanding of the market elements. It includes significant contenders and players involved in the market. Download FREE Sample Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=7300394 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); This report analyzes the segments data by type and by application, revenue, and growth rate, from 2018 to 2029. Evaluation and forecast the market size for Wind Turbine Blade Recycling revenue, projected growth trends, production technology, application and end-user industry. By Company - Aker Offshore Wind - GE - Oested - Vestas - Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy - Enel Green Power - Chendeyanshen - Shandong Longneng Segment by Type - Physical Recycling - Chemical Recycling Segment by Application - Material Recycling - Blade Reuse Chapter Outline Chapter 1: Introduces the report scope of the report, executive summary of different market segments (product type, application, etc.), including the market size of each market segment, future development potential, and so on. It offers a high-level view of the current state of the market and its likely evolution in the short to mid-term, and long term. Chapter 2: Revenue of Wind Turbine Blade Recycling in global and regional level. It provides a quantitative analysis of the market size and development potential of each region and its main countries and introduces the market development, future development prospects, market space, and capacity of each country in the world. This section also introduces the market dynamics, latest developments of the market, the driving factors and restrictive factors of the market, the challenges and risks faced by companies in the industry, and the analysis of relevant policies in the industry. Chapter 3: Detailed analysis of Wind Turbine Blade Recycling companies competitive landscape, revenue, market share and industry ranking, latest development plan, merger, and acquisition information, etc. Direct Purchase of the Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Research Report (Use Available 25% Discount Coupon Code: DIS25) https://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=7300394 Table of Contents 1 Report Overview 1.1 Study Scope 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size Growth Rate by Type, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.2.2 Physical Recycling 1.2.3 Chemical Recycling 1.3 Market by Application 1.3.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size Growth Rate by Application, 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 1.3.2 Material Recycling 1.3.3 Blade Reuse 1.4 Assumptions and Limitations 1.5 Study Objectives 1.6 Years Considered 2 Global Growth Trends 2.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Perspective (2018-2029) 2.2 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Growth Trends by Region 2.2.1 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 2.2.2 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Historic Market Size by Region (2018-2023) 2.2.3 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Forecasted Market Size by Region (2024-2029) 2.3 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Dynamics 2.3.1 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Industry Trends 2.3.2 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Drivers 2.3.3 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Challenges 2.3.4 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Restraints 3 Competition Landscape by Key Players 3.1 Global Revenue Wind Turbine Blade Recycling by Players 3.1.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Revenue by Players (2018-2023) 3.1.2 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Revenue Market Share by Players (2018-2023) 3.2 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Share by Company Type (Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3) 3.3 Global Key Players of Wind Turbine Blade Recycling, Ranking by Revenue, 2021 VS 2022 VS 2023 3.4 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Concentration Ratio 3.4.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Concentration Ratio (CR5 and HHI) 3.4.2 Global Top 10 and Top 5 Companies by Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Revenue in 2022 3.5 Global Key Players of Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Head office and Area Served 3.6 Global Key Players of Wind Turbine Blade Recycling, Product and Application 3.7 Global Key Players of Wind Turbine Blade Recycling, Date of Enter into This Industry 3.8 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Plans 4 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Breakdown Data by Type 4.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Historic Market Size by Type (2018-2023) 4.2 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Forecasted Market Size by Type (2024-2029) 5 Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Breakdown Data by Application 5.1 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Historic Market Size by Application (2018-2023) 5.2 Global Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Forecasted Market Size by Application (2024-2029) 6 North America 6.1 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size (2018-2029) 6.2 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Type 6.2.1 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Type (2018-2023) 6.2.2 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Type (2024-2029) 6.2.3 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Share by Type (2018-2029) 6.3 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Application 6.3.1 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Application (2018-2023) 6.3.2 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Application (2024-2029) 6.3.3 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Share by Application (2018-2029) 6.4 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Country 6.4.1 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Country: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029 6.4.2 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Country (2018-2023) 6.4.3 North America Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Size by Country (2024-2029) and More… Any Doubt or Need Customization Report @ https://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?name=7300394 ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian Tower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ, Hadapsar, Pune-411013, India + 1 347 333 3771 sales@reportsandreports.com About Us: \"ReportsnReports - Your Market Research Report Librarian.\" Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading Global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 3350000 micro-markets. This release was published on openPR. Permanent link to this press release: Copy Please set a link in the press area of your homepage to this press release on openPR. openPR disclaims liability for any content contained in this release. Share Tweet Email { \"@context\": \"https://schema.org\", \"@type\": \"NewsArticle\", \"mainEntityOfPage\": \"https://www.openpr.com/news/3119691/wind-turbine-blade-recycling-market-future-outlook-2023-2029\", \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 14:48:30\", \"dateModified\": \"2023-07-09 14:48:30\", \"headline\": \"Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Future Outlook (2023-2029) Trends, Scope, Size, Demand, Competitors Study,\", \"image\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709235262_g.jpg\", \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"datePublished\": \"2023-07-09 14:48:30\", \"caption\": \"Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market\", \"representativeOfPage\": \"1\" }, \"author\": { \"@type\": \"Person\", \"name\": \"ReportsnReports\" }, \"keywords\": \"\", \"publisher\": { \"@type\": \"Organization\", \"name\": \"openPR\", \"logo\": { \"@type\": \"ImageObject\", \"url\": \"https://www.openpr.com/fx/openpr-logo-amp-186x50.png\", \"width\": \"186\", \"height\": \"50\" } } } You can edit or delete your press release Wind Turbine Blade Recycling Market Future Outlook (2023-2029) Trends, Scope, Size, Demand, Competitors Study, by Region, Top Players - Aker Offshore Wind, GE, Oested, Vestas, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy here Delete press release Edit press release News-ID: 3119691 • Views: 139 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:48:30","image_url":"https://cdn.openpr.com/W/7/W709235262_k.jpg","source_id":"openpr","category":["environment"],"country":["germany"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Yellen calls China trip 'constructive' in midst of US tensions","link":"https://thehill.com/policy/international/4087466-yellen-calls-china-trip-constructive-in-midst-of-us-tensions/","keywords":["International","Administration","News","Beijing","China","Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen","U.S.-China relations"],"creator":["Julia Mueller"],"video_url":null,"description":"Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen called a visit to China “constructive\" despite heightened tensions between Washington and Beijing. “What I can tell you is that I had a very constructive visit. I received a warm welcome, and had [a] very substantive series of meetings,” Yellen said on CBS News’s “Face the Nation\" in response to a...","content":"Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen called a visit to China “constructive” despite heightened tensions between Washington and Beijing. “What I can tell you is that I had a very constructive visit. I received a warm welcome, and had [a] very substantive series of meetings,” Yellen said on CBS News’s “Face the Nation” in response to a question from moderator Margaret Brennan about whether “tension has been smoothed over” after the Chinese spy balloon incident earlier this year. Yellen said she had “around 10 hours of meetings” with Chinese Premier Li Qiang, Vice Premier He Lifeng, finance minister Liu Kun and the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) head Pan Gongsheng. “We had substantive conversations about the global economy, developments in our own economies, financial markets, and a list of concerns that each of us brought to the table that we agreed to follow up on over time,” Yellen said. Yellen’s comes after Secretary of State Antony Blinken last month. Blinken’s trip had been initially planned for February, but was amid controversy over the Chinese spy balloon shot down by the U.S. military after it flew over much of the country. U.S.-China tensions have been heightened by the COVID-19 pandemic, economic issues, China’s relationship with Russia amid Moscow’s war on Ukraine, Chinese aggression in the South China Sea and other factors. Yellen and Blinken’s trips have been part of an effort from the U.S. to ease those tensions. Yellen during her visit cooperation on climate change and other international issues. She also told Brennan that she raised a host of concerns, including the treatment of some American companies at the hands of Chinese authorities. Yellen also left the door open for an executive order the administration is considering that would put restrictions on what American companies in China could invest in. “It’s still something being discussed in the administration and the timing of it is not- is not yet certain. But I wanted to explain to my Chinese counterparts that if we go forward with these- with this executive order, that we will do so in a transparent and narrowly targeted way,” she said.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:45:35","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/07/Yellen_070723_AP.jpg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Mum left lying on A&E floor in 'excruciating pain' for 42 hours","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/mum-left-lying-ae-floor-27286859","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Liam Thorp, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Dawn Mullholland had a kidney stone and sepsis","content":"A mum has shared her 42-hour ordeal in a hospital's A&E department. Dawn Mullholland, 54, was suffering with kidney stones and sepsis. She attended Aintree Hospital in Liverpool where she says she was left in 'incredible pain' for days. The mum-of-five said while the majority of staff were doing their best under 'shocking' conditions, she believes the system is so overloaded and desperate it has become dangerous. The mum has since submitted a formal complaint to the Liverpool University Hospital NHS Trust. She has since described her ordeal as \"horrific,\" Liverpool Echo reports. READ MORE: Seven early signs of Alzheimer's that can be mistaken for 'just getting old' Dawn went to the Aintree Hospital Accident and Emergency (A&E) department just after 5pm on Sunday, June 18, with a very high temperature, acute pain in her kidney area and vomiting. She was triaged, had an x-ray and bloods taken. By 9.30pm, she was told she had a suspected kidney stone, kidney infection and possible sepsis, which can be very dangerous and potentially fatal. Dawn, who owns a tattoo business, said: \"It was a Sunday evening and the waiting room was chaotic. Dawn said that the experience was 'horrific' (Image: Liverpool Echo) \"There were people fighting, I felt really vulnerable and unsafe. There was very little security.\" Dawn would go on to spend a remarkable 42 hours in that waiting room and was forced to sit on the floor in 'incredible pain', with no trolleys available. She added: \"For the duration of my 42 hour stay in the Emergency Department my clinical observations were only done twice, once in triage and once when I was having my bloods taken around two hours later. I had no other clinical observations until I was taken to the ward 42 hours later. \"I had suspected sepsis, so I should have been on antibiotics within and hour, but I didn't get them for five hours. I was left to sit for almost two days In an Emergency Department that was overflowing and dangerous. \"I was sat in excruciating pain on hard chairs and on numerous occasions on the floor. Other patients were also sat on the floor. After 36 hours I was given a trolley to sleep on with the nurse admitting that 36 hours in these conditions and in pain is ridiculous.\" Eventually, Dawn was admitted to a ward where she remained for 10 days. She is now recovering at home but says she has been scarred by her experience in hospital and deeply concerned about the state of the NHS. \"It's horrible that people are sat on the floor in incredible pain and not getting the treatment they need,\" she said. \"The majority of staff are trying their very best but their hands are tied. They are working under the shocking conditions that they are working in, however the system is broken and desperately needs fixing. \"I spoke to so many nurses who were all really struggling. They actually told me to make a complaint because they think that's the only way things might change. The whole system is just completely broken. I wouldn't want to go back into that hospital to be honest.\" In January of this year Aintree's emergency department was handed a rating of inadequate by the Care Quality Commission (CQC), who inspected the service last October. The CQC found that patients were 'at risk of harm' in the overwhelmed department, which had exceeded its maximum capacity during the inspection. Dawn continued: \"That inadequate rating was released in January of this year. I would like to know what plans have been put in place to turn things around and improve things for patients. I know how difficult things are but what is the trust doing to make things better?\" Dr Peter Turkington, Executive Managing Director of Aintree University Hospital, said: \"I’d like to apologise to Dawn for her experience at our hospital and we are in touch to address her concerns directly. \"Staff in our A&E department are working incredibly hard to deliver safe care in what remain very challenging circumstances, with high demand and very sick patients, and we will learn from Dawn’s experience to ensure we identify and implement areas for improvement.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:38:01","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27286867.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_liverpool.png","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Los Angeles police arrest suspect in random shootings at 3 locations with 1 person wounded","link":"http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/2023/jul/09/los-angeles-police-arrest-suspect-in-random-shootings-at-3-locations-with-1-person-wounded-2593042.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The shootings in East Los Angeles occurred on the same day a suspect riding a scooter in two New York City boroughs killed an 87-year-old man and wounded three others in a string of random shootings. LOS ANGELES: Police in Los Angeles arrested a suspect following what appeared to be a series of random shootings that wounded one victim Saturday morning, a news report said. The suspect allegedly fired randomly at people in East Los Angeles and Boyle Heights, with shootings reported between 6:20 am and 7:20 am, KTLA-TV reported. The suspect, who was not immediately identified, was taken into custody after the Los Angeles Police Department located an unoccupied vehicle believed to have been used in the attacks. Officers later arrested a man who matched the suspect's description when he exited a nearby home, KTLA reported. Police found a rifle believed to have been used in the shootings during a search of the vehicle, the station reported. Police said the first shooting occurred around 6:20 am when a man in his 30s was critically injured while walking along a street. A suspect with a rifle was reported to have driven away from the scene. The victim was transported to a hospital and was in stable condition, police told KTLA. The second shooting happened around 7:20 am when a masked man armed with a rifle began firing shots before fleeing the scene in a car. A third shooting by a similar suspect with a rifle was reported in the Boyle Heights neighbourhood. No one was hit at the second and third shooting scenes, KTLA reported. The shootings in East Los Angeles occurred on the same day a suspect riding a scooter in two New York City boroughs killed an 87-year-old man and wounded three others in a string of random shootings, police said. A 25-year-old man was taken into custody by officers who recovered a scooter and a handgun with an extended magazine, New York City Assistant Police Chief Joseph Kenny said.","content":"LOS ANGELES: Police in Los Angeles arrested a suspect following what appeared to be a series of random shootings that wounded one victim Saturday morning, a news report said. The suspect allegedly fired randomly at people in East Los Angeles and Boyle Heights, with shootings reported between 6:20 am and 7:20 am, KTLA-TV reported. The suspect, who was not immediately identified, was taken into custody after the Los Angeles Police Department located an unoccupied vehicle believed to have been used in the attacks. Officers later arrested a man who matched the suspect's description when he exited a nearby home, KTLA reported. Police found a rifle believed to have been used in the shootings during a search of the vehicle, the station reported. Police said the first shooting occurred around 6:20 am when a man in his 30s was critically injured while walking along a street. A suspect with a rifle was reported to have driven away from the scene. The victim was transported to a hospital and was in stable condition, police told KTLA. The second shooting happened around 7:20 am when a masked man armed with a rifle began firing shots before fleeing the scene in a car. A third shooting by a similar suspect with a rifle was reported in the Boyle Heights neighbourhood. No one was hit at the second and third shooting scenes, KTLA reported. The shootings in East Los Angeles occurred on the same day a suspect riding a scooter in two New York City boroughs killed an 87-year-old man and wounded three others in a string of random shootings, police said. A 25-year-old man was taken into custody by officers who recovered a scooter and a handgun with an extended magazine, New York City Assistant Police Chief Joseph Kenny said.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:33:00","image_url":null,"source_id":"newindianexpress","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"How Kobbie Mainoo has been prepared to become a Manchester United regular","link":"https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/manchester-united-squad-news-mainoo-26284857","keywords":["Manchester United FC"],"creator":["newsdesk@men-news.co.uk (Isaac Johnson)"],"video_url":null,"description":"The teenager was given his first taste of Premier League football by the Man United boss on Sunday","content":"When Kobbie Mainoo replaced Marcel Sabitzer towards the end of Manchester United's 3-0 win over Leicester in February, it was the first of what the Reds hope will be man Premier League appearances for them. The Stockport-born teenager might only have been on for 10 minutes but completing seven of his eight passes showed the composure on the ball that Erik ten Hag covets in his players. Mainoo had penned a new long-term deal at the club just days earlier having already made the cut for 12 first-team squads, including in matches against Barcelona, Manchester City and Arsenal. Now, fresh from winning the Jimmy Murphy Young Player of the Year award, he's gearing up for a pre-season that could see him genuinely fighting for a more permanent role alongside the likes of Casemiro, Bruno Fernandes and Mason Mount in midfield. United's Academy head Nick Cox detailed his pride in the teenager after his Premier League debut, explaining how Ten Hag only offers such opportunities to those who earn their place. And in doing so he unpacked how the manager is shaping him for possible future inclusion. Want to join our MUFC Pro club for a totally ad-free version of the MEN’s Man United app packed with premium features? Click here READ MORE: Three United youngsters facing Ten Hag audition in pre-season “[We are] always delighted when a young boy makes a debut, particularly when they start a game,” Cox told in-house media . “It’s very different coming off the bench than starting a game, so he’s had to earn that. The manager doesn’t do favours. You play in the team if you’re good enough. “You don’t get special treatment because you’re a young lad who’s come through the system, you’ve got to earn it. He’s done that and that’s great.” Cox outlined the work ahead for Mainoo can be considered a regular in the first-team squad but that the early signs are promising after the hard work he’s put in. He pinpointed how Ten Hag is nurturing the youngster with one eye on the future. Cox added: “There’s a long way to go. I’m obviously really proud of him, really pleased for him, and for his family. He’s been with us since a very young age. “A lot of people have had a lot of hard work and effort to support him and navigate him on a journey, and now he falls under the care of the manager and his team. He’s going to be well looked after because they’re very passionate about young players and making sure that their team consists of young players – particularly homegrown ones. “[ Ten Hag is] teaching him exactly how he wants him to play, should he become a regular member of the first team and play on a regular basis at some point in the future. “You want to see players stay in the building, work with the academy, work with the first team, and find their way into the first team under our care. That is the ideal journey.\"","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:30:00","image_url":"https://i2-prod.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/incoming/article27286565.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_kobbie-mainoo.jpg","source_id":"manchestereveningnews","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Church of England takes step towards introducing blessings for same-sex couples","link":"https://www.thepinknews.com/2023/07/09/church-of-england-draft-guidance-same-sex-blessings/","keywords":["News","Religion","UK","blessing","Church of England","same-sex marriage"],"creator":["Maggie Baska"],"video_url":null,"description":"The Church of England (CoE) is working on drafting new pastoral guidance and other materials needed to allow same-sex couples to receive blessings from priests.  The General Synod, the church’s governing body, held a four-hour debate on Saturday (8 July) to hear the views of members on proposals to enable same-sex couples to come to […] The post Church of England takes step towards introducing blessings for same-sex couples appeared first on PinkNews | Latest lesbian, gay, bi and trans news | LGBTQ+ news.","content":"The Church of England (CoE) is working on drafting new pastoral guidance and other materials needed to allow same-sex couples to receive blessings from priests. The General Synod, the church’s governing body, held a four-hour debate on Saturday (8 July) to hear the views of members on proposals to enable same-sex couples to come to church and have a prayer service after a civil marriage or civil partnership. Bishop of London Sarah Mullally and Bishop of Truro Philip Mounstephen, co-chairs of the steering group overseeing the implementation of changes after , said they were during Saturday’s debate. “It has been good to hear their reflections, and we will take these away to feed into the concentrated drafting work that starts now,” Mullally and Mounstephen said. “We look forward to reconvening in November.” Since the debate in February – which saw proposals for same-sex marriage blessings “welcomed” – a draft set of texts, known as Prayers of Love and Faith, have been refined and new pastoral guidance developed for the CoE, according to . Among the 226 responses received from the Synod on the blessings, 148 were classified as generally positive while 78 were considered negative. The most significant critical comments were that the prayers were too much like marriage (60 responses), they didn’t go far enough (44 responders) and that more pastoral guidance would be required for their use (42 responses). The CoE, which doesn’t allow same-sex marriages in its churches, but set out proposals to let queer couples have a prayer service after a civil marriage or partnership. It also apologised to LGBTQ+ people for the . In February, all three houses – bishops, clergy and House of Laity – of the Synod voted in for the first time in the CoE’s history. The meeting of the Synod was , who stood outside the Synod’s meeting place in London on 8 February with placards denouncing what some described as “crumbs” for queer people of faith. Protestors told PinkNews it was “cr*p”, “an insult”, “apparent discrimination” and “shameful” to offer blessings to queer couples rather than marriage. On Thursday (6 July), Labour MP Ben Bradshaw published a . Bradshaw said the bill would permit same-sex marriage within the church under “certain circumstances”, and he reassured opponents of the bill that no one would be “compelled by any means” to conduct or attend a same-sex wedding. “Given the Church of England has broken its promise to finalise same-sex blessings and new rules for gay clergy at this month’s synod and the high level of concern in parliament about this,” Bradshaw said, “I thought it would be helpful to publish the full draft of my bill, which, if these unacceptable delays continue, parliament might wish to pick up in the next session.”","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:25:17","image_url":null,"source_id":"pinknews","category":["top","health","politics","sports"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Brother of France man who died in police custody in hospital after arrest","link":"http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/2023/jul/09/brother-of-france-man-who-died-in-police-custody-in-hospital-after-arrest-2593037.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The calls came with France still on edge after the police killing of a teen near Paris sparked the worst rioting in the country since 2005. PARIS: A man arrested in Paris during a memorial rally for his brother, who had died in police custody seven years ago, has been hospitalised, a Paris prosecutor said Sunday, triggering calls for more protests. The calls came with France still on edge after the police killing of a teen near Paris sparked the worst rioting in the country since 2005. Youssouf Traore, 29, was detained by police Saturday amid protests across the country that commemorated the death of his brother Adama Traore in 2016, many of them in defiance of police bans on gatherings. Youssouf was arrested during a protest in Paris attended by some 2,000 people, part of a string of protests to mark his brother's death and to protest against police brutality. According to a police source, Youssouf Traore was injured in the eye during his arrest and was taken to hospital after becoming sick at the police station. Youssouf Traore was arrested on charges of violence against a public official. The charges have been lifted due to his hospitalisation, the Paris prosecutor's office said, but could be reinstated later once he is discharged. The Paris prosecutor's office didn't give any details on his condition. Contacted by AFP, his lawyer, Yassine Bouzrou, confirmed he has spent the night in hospital gave no update about his health. He added he had not yet spoken to Traore. Youssouf Traore was accused of hitting a police officer at the start of the rally at Place de la Republique, according to a source close to the case. According to police, he was subsequently arrested for the alleged incident after police identified him. The forceful arrest, filmed by several witnesses, showed him resisting and being tackled and held face down by several police officers, provoking condemnation by several left-wing politicians on social media. A joint statement by left-leaning associations, unions and political parties had called for a rally Sunday afternoon in front of a central Paris police station to demand that he and another person detained with him be released. France has been on edge since a police officer shot dead Nahel M., a 17-year-old with Algerian roots, during a traffic stop on June 27 in a Paris suburb. The shooting rekindled long pent-up frustrations and accusations of systemic racism among France's security forces and sparked nights of rioting, the worst urban unrest in the country since 2005. More than 3,700 people were taken into police custody in connection with the protests since Nahel's death, including at least 1,160 minors, according to official figures.","content":"PARIS: A man arrested in Paris during a memorial rally for his brother, who had died in police custody seven years ago, has been hospitalised, a Paris prosecutor said Sunday, triggering calls for more protests. The calls came with France still on edge after the police killing of a teen near Paris sparked the worst rioting in the country since 2005. Youssouf Traore, 29, was detained by police Saturday amid protests across the country that commemorated the death of his brother Adama Traore in 2016, many of them in defiance of police bans on gatherings. Youssouf was arrested during a protest in Paris attended by some 2,000 people, part of a string of protests to mark his brother's death and to protest against police brutality. According to a police source, Youssouf Traore was injured in the eye during his arrest and was taken to hospital after becoming sick at the police station. Youssouf Traore was arrested on charges of violence against a public official. The charges have been lifted due to his hospitalisation, the Paris prosecutor's office said, but could be reinstated later once he is discharged. The Paris prosecutor's office didn't give any details on his condition. Contacted by AFP, his lawyer, Yassine Bouzrou, confirmed he has spent the night in hospital gave no update about his health. He added he had not yet spoken to Traore. Youssouf Traore was accused of hitting a police officer at the start of the rally at Place de la Republique, according to a source close to the case. According to police, he was subsequently arrested for the alleged incident after police identified him. The forceful arrest, filmed by several witnesses, showed him resisting and being tackled and held face down by several police officers, provoking condemnation by several left-wing politicians on social media. A joint statement by left-leaning associations, unions and political parties had called for a rally Sunday afternoon in front of a central Paris police station to demand that he and another person detained with him be released. France has been on edge since a police officer shot dead Nahel M., a 17-year-old with Algerian roots, during a traffic stop on June 27 in a Paris suburb. The shooting rekindled long pent-up frustrations and accusations of systemic racism among France's security forces and sparked nights of rioting, the worst urban unrest in the country since 2005. More than 3,700 people were taken into police custody in connection with the protests since Nahel's death, including at least 1,160 minors, according to official figures.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:06:00","image_url":null,"source_id":"newindianexpress","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Savor your coffee; someone probably lost sleep over it","link":"https://www.npr.org/2023/07/09/1183765334/coffee-farming-savoring","keywords":null,"creator":["Nic Neves"],"video_url":null,"description":"When I get up and make my first cup of coffee, I do it like performing a sacred ritual. I know that those beans traveled far, and were cared for.","content":"Coffee fruit dries in the late-afternoon sun on a farm in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Lucas Neves hide caption I have a kind of reverence for the coffee bean. Nearly every family trip we went on when I was a kid was spent flying across the planet from Boston to Rio de Janeiro, where almost my entire extended family lives. There aren't many coffee farms in the humid tropical climate of Rio, but if you drive out eight to 12 hours to the tiny town where my grandparents grew up in the state of Minas Gerais, you'll find arid rolling hills as far as you can see. That's where my cousins on my mom's side live, work and grow coffee. That trek — a five-hour flight, then an eight-hour flight, then a road trip — was always just the lead-up to the last leg of the journey. We'd take the exhausted car and its passengers off the cobblestone streets, down a dirt road and to the top of a hill, where in my cousin's kitchen there would be at any hour of day or night some pão de queijo (or some cake) and a freshly poured thermos. Coffee fruit up close. Each one is a bit smaller than a cherry tomato. Lucas Neves hide caption We'd drink the coffee out of little glass cups and finally get to work catching up and telling stories to one another. My parents would sit by the wood stove, and my brother and I would sometimes wander out while the adults were talking to chase the chickens and throw around a lemon like a tennis ball for the farm dogs to fetch. Coffee in Minas is usually served sickly sweet, but never with milk, and never iced, even in the middle of summer. Once the stars came out, we'd soak them in until the air got cold, and then we'd squeeze ourselves by the wood stove with another cup and feel a warm certainty that the coffee thermos must be bigger on the inside. Most of the highest-quality beans in Minas Gerais are sold abroad. When I was a kid especially, there wasn't really a coffee culture in Brazil the way there is in New York or Boston — that third-wave coffee culture that has a kind of purist bent to it, mindful of the \"notes\" in the brew. My coffee ritual these days: First, make sure you buy some actually nice coffee! I swear it's worth it. For brew method, lately I use a French press. Pour 60 mL (about 1/4 cup) water over the beans, stir and start timer. Let it bloom for 30 seconds; then pour the rest of the water to 250 mL (about 1 cup) and place the lid on the top. When the timer hits 4 minutes, gently press the plunger down and pour the coffee out into a cup. I like to drink it with 1/2 teaspoon of granulated sugar (I am not a purist! Only a ritualist). Enjoy on a comfortable perch, like a window with a view or a porch swing. But in college, I worked at a cafe that served the snooty tourists, students and professors in Harvard Square. And there I was taught to notice all those things I'd never learned about coffee, even though I'd seen the coffee fruit on the trees and watched firsthand as my cousins spread the fruit onto big, wavy multicolored sheets under the sun to dry. I learned then that my cousins' process for preparing coffee was just one of many ways to do it — you could dry it in the sun or in a big machine, or it could be fermented, or washed first. All these methods could change the way the coffee tasted. I also learned that different regions have different taste profiles; some countries tend to be brighter, some earthier, some more complex or fruity. Brazil tends to be pretty soft, but more chocolatey and rich, like bourbon. I learned to think about tasting coffee as playing a word-association game. What does it make you think of? What memory comes up for you? Is there citrus? Or wood smoke? A coffee farm. Lucas Neves hide caption Today when I get up and make my first cup of coffee, I do it like performing a sacred ritual. I know that those beans traveled far, and were cared for. They were grown, and watered, and dried, and then roasted. Someone probably lost sleep over them when frost was in the forecast. It only feels right to me to measure out the beans on a scale, and grind them fresh, and make sure to let the beans bloom a bit before pouring the rest of the water over them. And when I take my first sip, I make sure to let my brain go blank, listen to the coffee and see where it takes me. What are you really into? Fill out this form or leave us a voice note at 800-329-4273, and part of your submission may be featured online or on the radio.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:00:54","image_url":null,"source_id":"npr","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Retired Army Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling weighs in on the U.S. sending cluster munitions to Ukraine","link":"https://www.npr.org/2023/07/09/1186674944/retired-army-lt-gen-mark-hertling-weighs-in-on-the-u-s-sending-cluster-munitions","keywords":null,"creator":["Ayesha Rascoe"],"video_url":null,"description":"The Biden administration is sending controversial cluster munitions to Ukraine. NPR's Ayesha Rascoe asks retired Army Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling how they work and what he thinks of the decision.","content":"The Biden administration is sending controversial cluster munitions to Ukraine. NPR's Ayesha Rascoe asks retired Army Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling how they work and what he thinks of the decision.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:00:32","image_url":null,"source_id":"npr","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"What to know about Japan's plan to dump waste water into the ocean","link":"https://www.npr.org/2023/07/09/1186674909/what-to-know-about-japans-plan-to-dump-waste-water-into-the-ocean","keywords":null,"creator":["Ayesha Rascoe"],"video_url":null,"description":"NPR's Ayesha Rascoe asks University of Hawaii, Manoa, marine biologist Bob Richmond about Japan's plan to dump waste water into the ocean from the damaged nuclear plant in Fukushima.","content":"NPR's Ayesha Rascoe asks University of Hawaii, Manoa, marine biologist Bob Richmond about Japan's plan to dump waste water into the ocean from the damaged nuclear plant in Fukushima.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:00:31","image_url":null,"source_id":"npr","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"The Wonderful World Of Runways: 5 Fun Facts You Might Not Know","link":"https://simpleflying.com/lesser-known-runway-facts-list/","keywords":["Airports","Runway","runways","AirportRunways","Airports"],"creator":["Justin Surette"],"video_url":null,"description":"An impressively calculated strip of pavement.","content":"We often discuss facilities in terms of buildings, changes in what they offer over time, and how they adapt to increasing numbers of yearly. However, whether it’s asphalt, concrete, grass, sand, ice, or some other material, every flight takes off and lands on a . As such, having a suitable runway is vital, and expansion projects for airports that have exceeded their designed capacity sometimes include extensions or even an entirely new runway. Here are a few interesting facts about the long strip where it all begins and ends. Perhaps you have a window seat and are looking out as the plane lines up to take off or as it’s landing when you notice many white-painted bars at the end of the runway. These are called “Runway Threshold Stripes” and tell pilots how wide the runway is. Most large international airports capable of accepting the largest passenger airliners employ wide runways, so you will see eight white bars on either side of the centerline (see title image). But, if you live near a smaller regional airport or a general aviation airfield, you’ll find fewer threshold strips indicating to pilots the size of the runway they’re about to land on. As Newton’s third law of motion states, any force must create an equal and opposite force; as it happens, the airflow over a wing from a headwind helps generate lift, meaning aircraft engines don’t need to do all the work getting to a high enough speed for take off. On that same note, landing into the wind as opposed to with it can help slow things down as an aircraft descends to the ground. To aid this process, runways are typically created in alignment with the prevailing winds of the local area. Some airports have runways that are not parallel, offering an alternative in case the winds at a particular time of day are different from the most common direction. Still, runways are generally designed in a way that reduces the number of crosswind landings pilots have to make. While mostly taking a flat shape, it’s likely the runway you’re barreling down before take-off isn’t 100% flat. On the one hand, there are probably minor slopes or dips from one end to another, which can impact take-off performance. On the other, runways are built with a very slight crown in the middle which helps rainwater move to the sides. Engineers similarly design roads with a not-very-noticeable 1 to 2% angle from the center towards the pavement edges; given enough rainfall, however, flooding is still possible. People may know that the numbers and letters featured on runways indicate the direction they point in relation to their compass bearing, with the last number removed. For example, if the heading of a runway’s centerline is pointing towards 275 degrees, a big “27” would be painted, potentially along with a letter R, L, or C, in case an airport has multiple runways that are parallel to each other. However, the FAA has provided clear guidance on how those numbers and letters should be painted regarding dimensions. Each different part of every character that might get painted at the end of a runway has exact measurements, with every number measuring 63 feet vertically, based on the diagram above. Of course, these numbers and letters must be large enough to help confirm that an aircraft is, in fact, lined up with the correct runway. Many factors play into how long an airport’s runway must be. Heavy commercial and airliners command a reasonably long runway in any case. However, hot temperatures and high altitudes can also impact an aircraft’s ability to generate lift, so airports in such environments must be prepared to construct a much longer runway regardless of expected plane operations. This is why the world’s longest runway is a whopping 5,500 meters (18,045 feet). Sitting at an altitude of 4,334 meters (14,219 feet) above sea level is Qamdo Bamda Airport, which boasts the world’s longest runway. Or at least it did for decades; as an article from a few months ago suggests, and may have even been replaced by a shorter runway. On the other side of the world, on the Dutch Caribbean island of Saba, is (above). At just 60 meters above sea level and only accepting small aircraft like de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters and Britten-Norman BN-2 Islanders, Saba airport is famous for its 400-meter runway, notoriously tricky approach, and picturesque views.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:00:19","image_url":"https://static1.simpleflyingimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/d-aimc-lufthansa-airbus-a380-841-1.jpg","source_id":"simpleflying","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Six reasons why Moms for Liberty is an extremist organization","link":"https://thehill.com/opinion/education/4086179-six-reasons-why-moms-for-liberty-is-an-extremist-organization/","keywords":["Education","Opinion"],"creator":["Glenn C. Altschuler, opinion contributor"],"video_url":null,"description":"Moms for Liberty extremists are making our schools — and our democracy — worse.","content":"The group Moms for Liberty by Tina Descovich, Tiffany Justice, and Bridget Ziegler, three current or former school board members in Brevard County, Florida. Initially focused on mask mandates and other Covid-19 restrictions in schools, the organization is now “ to fighting for the survival of America by unifying, educating, and empowering parents to defend their parental rights at all levels of government.” In just two-and-a-half years, Moms for Liberty has grown to 285 chapters and well over 100,000 members in 45 . In 2022, more than half of the 500 candidates endorsed by the organization to school boards. In a nod to Moms for Liberty’s status as a major player in the war against so-called “woke” instruction related to gender identity, sexuality, race and racism, the leading contenders for the Republican presidential nomination spoke at its annual summit in Philadelphia last week. In June, the Southern Poverty Law Center Moms for Liberty an “extremist” organization. The SPLC emphasizes that in contrast to the relatively mild agenda on its website, Moms for Liberty’s social media posts, policies, and practices target teachers, school officials, and the U.S. Department of Education; advance conspiracy theories; and spread “hateful imagery and rhetoric against the LGBTQ community.” The American Historical Association has condemned the group’s advocacy of censorship and “that renders it impossible for historians to teach with professional integrity without risking job loss and other penalties.” At the Philadelphia summit, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, a godfather of Moms for Liberty, the organization’s efforts to help parents send their kids to school “to watch cartoons, be kids,” and focus on the basics, reading, writing, science, and math, “without having some agenda shoved down their throats.” Former President Trump that Moms for Liberty “is no hate group … You’re the best thing that ever happened to America.” Former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley said, “When they mentioned this was a terrorist organization, I said ‘Well then, count me as a Mom for Liberty.’” Despite (or because of) the overheated rhetoric, many Americans appear to have very little substantive knowledge about Moms for Liberty. Even Lucy Reyna, the treasurer of an Indiana chapter of Moms for Liberty, told reporters she wants to “What I am part of.” If the organization turns out to be too partisan, Reyna added, she will reconsider her participation. Here are six reasons why Moms for Liberty is an extremist organization: 1. Featured speakers at the “Joyful Warriors Summit” included Katharine Gorka, an anti-Muslim activist, who has “shutting down radical mosques” in the U.S.; North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson, who teaching children about sexual orientation and gender identity is child abuse, homosexuality is “filth,” and the transgender rights movement is “demonic” and “full of the Antichrist ”; and KrisAnne Hall, who compared the U.S. Capitol police to Nazi SS troops and the government of the United States “has no authority outside the PERMISSION of the sheriff” and “is just as much of a federal power as France or Texas within your state.” 2. Prominent members of Moms for Liberty to the Proud Boys, Three Percenters, QAnon, and white Christian nationalists. Proud Boys leader Enrique Tarrio once boasted that Moms for Liberty is “the gestapo with vaginas.” 3. The front cover of “The Parent Brigade,” the newsletter of the Hamilton County, Indiana chapter of Moms for Liberty, recently a quote from Adolf Hitler: “He alone, who OWNS the youth, gains the future.” At a media training session at last week’s summit, Christian Ziegler, chair of Florida’s Republican Party (and Bridget Ziegler’s husband), questioned the decision of chapter leaders to : “The media is not your friend … Never apologize. Apologizing makes you weak.” 4. Tiffany Justice’s confrontations with teachers were “so disruptive and disrespectful,” administrators threatened to bar her from the . The chair of the Monroe County, Pennsylvania chapter of Moms for Liberty was arrested for harassment; the head of communications for the Lenoke County, Arkansas chapter threatened librarians with gun violence; a restraining order was issued to the chair of the Livingston County, Michigan chapter after she told school board members, “We’re coming after you. Take it as a threat. Call the FBI. I don’t care.” 5. The chair of the El Paso County, Colorado chapter the hypothetical of a teacher telling a tomboy, “it might be time to transition. Let’s go talk to the school therapist. Let’s go talk to a physician. Let’s do this.” She believes “teachers, unions and the president” are engaged in a coordinated effort to make children trans and gay to “break down the family unit, conservative values,” and “slowly erode constitutional rights.” However, she does not know of anyone who transitioned because of social pressure. 6. The Williamson County, Tennessee chapter of Moms for Liberty a book about Martin Luther King Jr. and the March on Washington promotes “anti-American, anti-White, anti-Mexican” instruction, singling out a photo of segregated water fountains and an image of firefighters hosing down Black children. The chapter also demanded the removal of “The Story of Ruby Bridges,” about a six-year old who integrated a school in Louisiana in 1960. All Americans should welcome more active engagement of parents in their children’s schools. They should also agree that Moms for Liberty extremists are making our schools — and our democracy — worse.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:00:00","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/07/64a195caefe8a3.68861588-e1688766634685.jpeg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Manchester United told 'don't rule out' Everton's Jordan Pickford amid Andre Onana transfer chase","link":"https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/manchester-united-onana-pickford-transfers-27285940","keywords":["Manchester United FC"],"creator":["newsdesk@men-news.co.uk (John McDougall)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Robbie Fowler believes that Man Utd will be on top of the situation at Everton and if there is a release clause in Pickford's recent contract","content":"A move for Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford by Manchester United should not be ruled out this summer, according to former Liverpool striker Robbie Fowler. United are seeking reinforcements in the goalkeeping department and this has become all the more important following David de Gea leaving the club. The Spaniard has bid farewell to United after spending 12 years at Old Trafford. Inter Milan's Andre Onana is top of the list for United's targets this summer. Onana previously played under United boss Erik ten Hag at former side Ajax. Want to join our MUFC Pro club for a totally ad-free version of the MEN’s Man United app packed with premium features? Click here READ MORE: Erik ten Hag's dream Manchester United squad if they complete three more transfers But though Onana has been strongly linked with a move to United, Fowler believes the potential of England number one Pickford heading to Old Trafford ought not to be discounted. It is despite the stopper very recently signing a new deal with Everton. But Fowler believes there will be a release clause in Pickford's latest Goodison Park deal which United could exercise. He believes with ongoing concerns in the background around alleged breaches of financial rules hanging over the Merseyside club, United could capitalise on that situation and swoop for Pickford. \"I see Manchester United have been strongly linked with Inter’s Andre Onana, and that makes sense because his distribution is sensational, and he played for Ten Hag at Ajax,\" he told the Daily Mirror . \"But don’t rule out Jordan Pickford. I know he only signed a new contract last February, but to me that makes it more rather than less likely he’ll move this summer. I can almost guarantee he had a release clause inserted in that contract. \"Pickford only had just over a year left when he signed the new deal, and he’s one of the best in the world, the recognised number one for one of the best international teams in the world. He’s handy on the ball too. \"United will have sniffed around to test how Everton are going to handle their ongoing profit and sustainability issues, so they’ll be absolutely on top of their keeper situation, no doubt, whether it’s Onana or Pickford.\" Follow the MEN's United coverage on TikTok and YouTube , and subscribe to the Manchester is Red podcast","pubDate":"2023-07-09 12:00:00","image_url":"https://i2-prod.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/incoming/article27285944.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_GettyImages-1258356669.jpg","source_id":"manchestereveningnews","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Imran Khan Seeks IMF 'Guarantee' For Timely Elections In Pak: Report","link":"https://www.ndtv.com/world-news/imran-khan-seeks-imf-guarantee-for-timely-elections-in-pak-report-4191494","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Pakistan's former prime minister Imran Khan has sought a \"guarantee\" from the International Monetary Fund that the general elections in the country will be held on its scheduled time.","content":"A delegation of the global lender met Imran Khan on Friday in Lahore. (FILE) Pakistan's former prime minister Imran Khan has sought a \"guarantee\" from the International Monetary Fund that the general elections in the country will be held on its scheduled time. Days before the IMF executive board meeting to review and possibly endorse the Standby Arrangement (SBA) for Pakistan, a delegation of the global lender met Khan on Friday in Lahore to seek assurance and support for the key objectives and policies under the recently announced USD 3 billion bailout programme, Geo News channel reported on Saturday. Pakistan and IMF reached a long-awaited staff-level agreement on June 29 to inject USD 3 billion Standby Arrangement into the ailing economy after months-long negotiations that pushed the country to the brink of default. The Executive Board of the IMF will meet on July 12 to review the SBA for Pakistan. Quoting sources, Geo News reported that Khan asked the IMF to ensure that the general elections, scheduled to take place in October, will be held on time. “What guarantee can you (IMF) give that the elections in the country will be held on time,” the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf chief was quoted as saying in the huddle. The IMF representatives, as per insiders, responded by saying that the Washington-based lender keeps a close eye on the situation in the country but “we cannot interfere too much in internal political matters”. The IMF delegation further added that the short-term bailout package has been chalked out in such a way that the transition of power is expected to take place on time, the report said quoting sources. The insiders added that the IMF officials expressed hope that the interim set-up will hold general elections in the country within the constitutionally-mandated time period. The meeting was attended by IMF country chief Nathan Porter who joined virtually from Washington and Resident Representative Ester Perez Luis who was physically present. The IMF meeting has come under scanner in Pakistan where some leaders termed it as interference in domestic affairs of the country. Promoted Listen to the latest songs, only on JioSaavn.com However, the IMF's resident representative Esther Perez Ruiz in a statement said that the meetings with political parties were to \"seek assurances of their support for the key objectives and policies under a new IMF-supported programme ahead of the approaching national elections\". (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:56:52","image_url":null,"source_id":"ndtv","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"German government wants ex-minister to foot $267 million bill for a failed highway toll plan","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/business/2023/07/09/german-government-wants-ex-minister-to-foot-267-million-bill-for-a-failed-highway-toll-plan","keywords":["Business","World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"BERLIN (AP) — The German government is considering whether it can make former Transport Minister Andreas Scheuer foot at least part of the quarter-billion euro compensation it has to pay […]","content":"BERLIN (AP) — The German government is considering whether it can make former Transport Minister Andreas Scheuer foot at least part of the quarter-billion euro compensation it has to pay a private company over a failed plan to introduce highway tolls. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* BERLIN (AP) — The German government is considering whether it can make former Transport Minister Andreas Scheuer foot at least part of the quarter-billion euro compensation it has to pay a private company over a failed plan to introduce highway tolls. Scheuer, who was in office from 2018 until 2021, had insisted on the total despite expert warnings that it would unfairly penalize drivers from other EU countries. A European Union court ruled it illegal in 2019, prompting a lengthy arbitration procedure with the company hired to set up the toll system that ended in a 243-million euro ($267-million) settlement last week. Scheuer’s successor, Volker Wissing, told German weekly Bild am Sonntag that taxpayers shouldn’t have to bear all of the cost of “this serious political mistake.” “We will look the legal situation very closely and carefully examine whether and to what amount compensation claims (against Scheuer) are possible,” he was quoted saying Sunday. Scheuer is a member of the conservative, Bavaria-only Christian Social Union that is part of the biggest opposition bloc in Germany’s federal parliament. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:50:56","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Pakistani Woman Seema Haider's Husband Ghulam Haider Appeals PM Narendra Modi for Repatriation of Wife and Four Children (Watch Video)","link":"https://www.latestly.com/socially/world/pakistani-woman-seema-haiders-husband-ghulam-haider-appeals-pm-narendra-modi-for-repatriation-of-wife-and-four-children-watch-video-5253578.html","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"In his video statement, Haider humbly requested the Indian Government, specifically Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to facilitate the repatriation of his three daughters to Pakistan.","content":"Ghulam Haider, the husband of Seema, who entered India illegally with her kids with the intention of eloping with her lover Sachin whom she met on PUBG and fell in love with, has recently shared a deeply emotional video, requesting the Indian Government to facilitate the secure repatriation of their four children to Pakistan. In his video statement, Haider humbly requested the Indian Government, specifically Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to facilitate the repatriation of his children to Pakistan. He also thanked the Indian media. Seema, who was arrested on July 3, got bail on Saturday. Pakistani Woman Seema Haider, Who Crossed Over via Nepal With Her Four Children To Stay With Indian Husband, Gets Bail . Ghulam Haider Appeals PM Narendra Modi: \"मोदी जी से हाथ जोड़कर विनती है कि मेरी पत्नी सीमा हैदर और मेरे 4 बच्चों को वापस पाकिस्तान भेजा जाए\" ◆ सीमा हैदर के पति गुलाम हैदर ने मोदी सरकार से की अपील Ghulam Haider | #GhulamHaider | Seema Haider | #SeemaHaider pic.twitter.com/xNeLDmg9Yz — News24 (@news24tvchannel) July 9, 2023 (SocialLY brings you all the latest breaking news, viral trends and information from social media world, including Twitter, Instagram and Youtube. The above post is embeded directly from the user's social media account and LatestLY Staff may not have modified or edited the content body. The views and facts appearing in the social media post do not reflect the opinions of LatestLY, also LatestLY does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.)","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:50:19","image_url":null,"source_id":"latestly","category":["world"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"German government wants ex-minister to foot $267 million bill for a failed highway toll plan","link":"https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/ap-berlin-bavaria-b2372020.html","keywords":["UK Politics","UK"],"creator":["Via AP news wire"],"video_url":null,"description":"The German government is considering whether it can make former Transport Minister Andreas Scheuer foot at least part of the quarter-billion euro compensation it has to pay a private company over a failed plan to introduce highway tolls","content":"The German government is considering whether it can make former Transport Minister Andreas Scheuer foot at least part of the quarter-billion euro compensation it has to pay a private company over a failed plan to introduce highway tolls. Scheuer, who was in office from 2018 until 2021, had insisted on the total despite expert warnings that it would unfairly penalize drivers from other EU countries. A European Union court ruled it illegal in 2019, prompting a lengthy arbitration procedure with the company hired to set up the toll system that ended in a 243-million euro ($267-million) settlement last week. Scheuer's successor, Volker Wissing, told German weekly Bild am Sonntag that taxpayers shouldn't have to bear all of the cost of “this serious political mistake.” “We will look the legal situation very closely and carefully examine whether and to what amount compensation claims (against Scheuer) are possible,” he was quoted saying Sunday. Scheuer is a member of the conservative, Bavaria-only Christian Social Union that is part of the biggest opposition bloc in Germany's federal parliament.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:49:37","image_url":"https://static.independent.co.uk/2023/07/09/12/Germany_Highway_Tolls_94740.jpg?width=1200&auto=webp","source_id":"independentuk","category":["politics"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Los Angeles police arrest suspect in apparent random shootings at 3 locations with 1 person wounded","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/los-angeles-police-arrest-suspect-in-apparent-random-shootings-at-3-locations-with-1-person-wounded","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Police in Los Angeles arrested a suspect following what appeared to be a series of random shootings that wounded one victim Saturday morning, a news report […]","content":"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Police in Los Angeles arrested a suspect following what appeared to be a series of random shootings that wounded one victim Saturday morning, a news report said. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* LOS ANGELES (AP) — Police in Los Angeles arrested a suspect following what appeared to be a series of random shootings that wounded one victim Saturday morning, a news report said. The suspect allegedly fired randomly at people in East Los Angeles and Boyle Heights, with shootings reported between 6:20 a.m. and 7:20 a.m., KTLA-TV reported. The suspect, who was not immediately identified, was taken into custody after the Los Angeles Police Department located an unoccupied vehicle believed to have been used in the attacks. Officers later arrested a man who matched the suspect’s description when he exited a nearby home, KTLA reported. Police found a rifle believed to have been used in the shootings during a search of the vehicle, the station reported. Police said the first shooting occurred around 6:20 a.m. when a man in his 30s was critically injured while walking along a street. A suspect with a rifle was reported to have driven away from the scene. The victim was transported to a hospital and was in stable condition, police told KTLA. The second shooting happened around 7:20 a.m. when a masked man armed with a rifle began firing shots before fleeing the scene in a car. A third shooting by a similar suspect with a rifle was reported in the Boyle Heights neighborhood. No one was hit at the second and third shooting scenes, KTLA reported. The shootings in East Los Angeles occurred on the same day a suspect riding a scooter in two New York City boroughs killed an 87-year-old man and wounded three others in a string of random shootings, police said. A 25-year-old man was taken into custody by officers who recovered a scooter and a handgun with an extended magazine, New York City Assistant Police Chief Joseph Kenny said. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:49:21","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Israelis must brace for extreme heat this summer","link":"https://www.ynetnews.com/environment/article/bjunjz00kn","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The government and local authorities must take steps to ensure vital infrastructure is unharmed and services provided under adverse head conditions while the health system must ensure public needs are met","content":"As record-breaking temperatures plague the planet caused by climate change and the El Nino phenomenon, Israel is not exempt from severe weather conditions and June of this year saw unexpected rain, thunderstorms and soring heat coupled with severe dust storms. Temperatures exceeded the monthly recorded heat in the first half of the month followed by lower-than-average cooling in the mountain areas. Average June temperatures have been on the rise over the years and especially since the early 2000s and those measured between January and June 2023 and meteorologists warn this summer may see them exceed 50° C (122° F.) << Follow Ynetnews on Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | Tiktok >> Read more stories Exclusive images of Baghdad's locations frequented by Tsurkov before her abduction Palestinian Authority seeks to reestablish control of Jenin refugee camp Hassidic Jew assaulted in Brooklyn in possible hate crime Excessive heat can affect the body in various ways, primarily causing dehydration and heatstroke. It can also impact the heart and vascular system, the kidneys and digestive system and even cause brain damage. In a study released last year, the Environmental Protection Ministry found an increase in death during weeks of extreme heat waves. 3 View gallery Cooling down in Kansas City ( Photo: AP ) On average, 45 people died in those periods and according to the ministry, their deaths may have been avoided, had adequate precautions been in place. But not only humans have suffered, and Israel's fauna and flora were also affected. 3 View gallery A dog suffering from dehydration ( Photo: AP ) Extreme heat conditions also impact whether directly or indirectly, basic infrastructure and services, including roads, rail lines, the electric grid water supplies and computers. In addition, the health system may be unable to provide adequate emergency services and care. To prepare for the anticipate short-term or long-term high temperatures, the government and the national emergency response systems must prepare a long-term plan to ensure that vital services are provided and the impact to people and infrastructure are at a minimum. 3 View gallery People flock to a Tel Aviv beach to escape extreme heat ( Photo: Tal Shahar ) Local authorities must map their vulnerable populations and infrastructure and prepare for the risks to their communities. But the population must also take steps to ensure personal safety and understand that the climate crisis is here and in addition to doing what we can to mitigate the crisis, we must also reduce to a minimum physical exertion and the time spent outdoors during heat waves. Professor Adi Wolfson is an environmental activist, an expert in the field of sustainability and a professor of chemical engineering at SCE-Sami Shamoon College of Engineering.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:49:03","image_url":null,"source_id":"ynetnews","category":["environment"],"country":["israel"],"language":"english"},{"title":"India’s national capital gets record single-day rain as several parts across country face severe downpour","link":"https://www.independent.co.uk/climate-change/news/delhi-rain-india-red-alerts-b2371949.html","keywords":["News","Climate"],"creator":["Peony Hirwani"],"video_url":null,"description":"‘15 per cent of the total rainfall of the monsoon season fell in just 12 hours,’ says Delhi’s chief minister","content":"Red alerts have been sounded for several regions across India facing heavy rainfall , while a record-breaking downpour in capital Delhi has led to waterlogging and brought daily life to a standstill. On Saturday, the national capital’s chief minister Arvind Kejriwal cancelled leave for all government officers and asked them to inspect waterlogging problems, including widespread traffic snarls, that the city faces every time there is heavy rain . This time, Delhi has received the highest single-day rainfall in July since 1982 and the third-highest single-day rainfall since 1958, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD). A tweet from IMD said two areas in Delhi, Ridge and Safdarjung, recorded a total 28cm or 280mm of rain in the 24-hour period ending at 8.30 am on Sunday. “15 per cent of the total rainfall of the monsoon season fell in just 12 hours,” Mr Kejriwal said in a tweet in Hindi. “People were very upset due to water logging. Today, all the ministers and mayor of Delhi will inspect the problem areas. Officers of all departments have been instructed to cancel the Sunday holiday and get on the ground.” In addition to the waterlogging, the rainfall also caused disruptions in power and internet connectivity in several areas of Delhi. Accidents were also reported in the capital city, including one severe incident where an elderly woman was crushed to death after a portion of her house collapsed on her due to heavy rain. The victim was identified as 56-year-old Ranjit Kaur, a resident of northwest Delhi’s Karol Bagh area. In another incident, a huge wall of Desh Bandhu college in South Delhi collapsed, damaging a number of vehicles. In Uttar Pradesh state, a woman and her six-year-old daughter were killed early on Sunday morning after the roof of their house collapsed due to heavy rain. Meanwhile, red and orange alerts have been issued for states across northern India. Red alerts for rain in addition to landslides and flash floods have been issued for the states of Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, the northern areas of Punjab and Haryana , and Jammu and Kashmir. The IMD predicts more than 204.4mm rain to fall in these states. On Sunday, a portion of the national highway along the Beas river in Himachal Pradesh’s Kullu was washed away following enormous landslides. Traffic has been disrupted between Mandi and Kullu as several vehicles remain stranded along the highway, officials said. Elsewhere, orange alerts have been sounded for Gujarat , the western areas of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh states and northeast India. The IMD predicts Gujarat, west Uttar Pradesh and east Rajasthan could get 120mm rain, while areas in Madhya Pradesh could get 115.6-204.4mm rain. The weather department has also issued a list of dos and don’ts for people in areas facing thunderstorms and lightning. A “yellow” alert has also been issued for four districts of southern Kerala state.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:45:42","image_url":"https://static.independent.co.uk/2023/07/09/09/SEI163319783.jpg?width=1200&auto=webp","source_id":"independentuk","category":["environment"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Georgia Teens Egg Man's House, Shoot Him Dead In 'Lovers' Quarrel': Police","link":"https://www.ibtimes.com/georgia-teens-egg-mans-house-shoot-him-dead-lovers-quarrel-police-3704086","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"All three teenagers were charged with malice murder, battery and criminal trespass.","content":"NEWSLETTER SIGNUP My account Log Out Jul 09, 7:45 AM EDT Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Social Capital Crypto NEWSLETTER My account Log Out US Edition Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Social Capital Crypto Listings & More Spotlight Glossary Editions Australia Edition India Edition International Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States NEWSLETTER Follow Us Editions Australia Edition India Edition International Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States National Georgia Teens Egg Man's House, Shoot Him Dead In 'Lovers' Quarrel': Police By Joseph Patrick @sportsph 07/09/23 AT 7:45 AM EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Share on Flipboard A man was reportedly shot earlier this week by teenagers stemming from an alleged lovers' quarrel. AFP / Johannes EISELE KEY POINTS The three teens were arrested and charged with several offenses in the fatal shooting of Johnathan Gilbert Gilbert, who was unarmed, confronted the teens after finding them vandalizing his home Authorities said the man was found shot to death in the middle of the road Three teenagers in Georgia have been arrested after allegedly vandalizing a man's home and then fatally shooting him Monday in an incident that authorities said stemmed from a \"lovers' quarrel.\" The accused teens were identified as Sydney Maughon, 18, Jeremy Munson, 18, and McKenzie Davenport, 19, Fox News reported. All three were charged with malice murder, battery and criminal trespass. Maughon and Munson were also charged with aggravated assault and possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime. On Monday, deputies with the Spalding County Sheriff's Office responded to a 911 call about a shooting and found a man shot to death in the middle of the road. A fingerprint scan identified the deceased as Johnathan Gilbert. The victim was also known as Tyler Lane. According to an official statement from the Spalding County Sheriff's Office, investigators believe the incident was precipitated by a \"lovers' quarrel\" involving the victim that led the three teens to visit Gilbert's home and egg it. \"It appears there was an ongoing lovers' quarrel, and the suspects decided to go to Gilbert's residence on Dobbins Mill and vandalize it by egging it,\" the statement alleged. \"When Gilbert saw what they were doing to his residence, he came out of the house unarmed, to confront them.\" After Gilbert approached the suspects, Maughon allegedly shot him multiple times before the three teens fled the scene in a car. According to Spalding County Sheriff Darrell Dix, a witness provided investigators with information related to the shooting, which allowed authorities to create a direct link between the victim and the suspects. The sheriff said they were able to locate the phone number of one of the suspects and contacted the Henry County police regarding the getaway car used in the crime, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported. Although Maughon is accused of firing the gun at Gilbert, the sheriff's office said all three suspects will be held accountable. \"Because they all plotted and planned together, and traveled to the location with the intent to commit a crime that led up to the murder together, they are all just as culpable as if they had each pulled the trigger themselves,\" the sheriff's office stated. Read more Russian Soldiers Ban Ukrainians From Evacuating Flooded Areas: Intel Mother Charged With Murder For Telling 14-Year-Old Son To Fatally Shoot Man No further details about the case have been released as of this writing. Police are still actively investigating the incident. Three Georgia teenagers have been arrested and are facing charges for the fatal shooting of Jonathan Gilbert. REGISTER FOR FREE to continue reading ✔️ Unlock the full content of International Business Times UK for free offer available for a limited time only ✔️ Easily manage your Newsletters subscriptions and save your favourite articles ✔️ No payment method required Already have an account? Log in © Copyright IBTimes 2023. All rights reserved. Join the Discussion MOST READ IN National 1 US' Strongest Nuclear Weapon Is 80 Times Stronger Than The Hiroshima Bomb 2 Apple Market Cap: From $5 Billion In 2000 To $3 Trillion In 2023 3 Dramatic Roller Coaster Rescue Unfolds As Passengers Stranded Mid-Air 4 US Podcast Misinformation Goes Largely Unchecked 5 Bitfinex Returns Seized Assets From 2016 Hack To RRT Holders On Thursday NEWS Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Crypto Featured Social Capital Glossary SMB Forum Spotlight ABOUT About Us Contact us Advertise with us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Editions United States Australia Brazil Colombia France Germany Indonesia India International Italy Japan Editions Nigeria Philippines Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Mexico Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom FOLLOW US Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Newsletter © Copyright 2023 IBTimes LLC. All Rights Reserved.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:45:08","image_url":null,"source_id":"ibtimes","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Reeves insists Labour's economic plan 'not on same track' as Tories","link":"https://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/23643500.reeves-insists-labours-economic-plan-not-track-tories/?ref=rss","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves has insisted her plans for a Labour government are “not on the same track” as the Conservatives – as she stressed she was “absolutely committed to fiscal discipline.”","content":"Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves has insisted her plans for a Labour government are “not on the same track” as the Conservatives – as she stressed she was “absolutely committed to fiscal discipline.” Ms Reeves has said she is “confident” Labour would hit its pledge of spending £28 billion a year on green initiatives within a first term of forming a UK government. The party has angered its most climate-conscious supporters by watering down the pledge to borrow the sum to invest to tackle the environmental crisis. Read more: Analysis: Can Keir Starmer's clean energy rhetoric match with real action? Ms Reeves argued that the financial situation had worsened since making the commitment following Liz Truss’s disastrous mini-budget. A set-piece speech by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer this week was interrupted by protesters accusing him of U-turning on the policy. But Ms Reeves insisted she expects they would ramp up green spending to £28 billion by the end of a first Parliament if Labour wins the next general election . She told the BBC’s Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg programme: “We’re confident we can get there. “We’re committed to it but it’s subject to our fiscal rules. “All of our plans will be built on a rock of economic and fiscal responsibility. Labour will not play fast and loose with the public finances.” Read more: Ross Greer: No Bute House with Labour if it opposes independence vote Ms Reeves outlined in 2021 her green posterity plan to promptly after a Labour general election win spend billions on investing more in projects such as wind power and carbon capture. But she now argues her fiscal rules – that debt must be falling as a share of national income after five years – are “non-negotiable”. The SNP have criticised Labour for the perceived watering down of the climate funding and claimed the party cannot be trusted to follow through on its commitments. SNP Westminster leader Stephen Flynn told Sky’s Sunday with Sophy Ridge that Labour “when it comes to some of these big issues, they have been changing their mind on an almost daily basis”. He added: “I think it’s only quite clear to voters in Scotland that there’s one party who offers change and one party who offers real hopes, and that’s the SNP.” Read more: Scotland to be UK's 'beating heart' under Labour's clean energy plan Ms Reeves attempted to paint the Labour Party as the “only choice” for home ownership after accusing the Tories of having “broken” the housing market. But as she also tried to bill her side as the ones being financially responsible, she insisted an injection of public spending was not needed to build houses. “This isn’t about spending taxpayers’ money: this is about unblocking the planning system,” she told Ms Kuenssberg. Ms Reeves disputed a report in the Sunday Times that her tax and spending policies would follow the Conservatives’ until growth returns. “They’re not on the same track,” she told the BBC. “But I am absolutely committed to fiscal discipline.” Labour has been flying high in the polls as the Tories struggle after 13 years of rule that have seen their popularity pummelled by issues including Boris Johnson’s partygate scandal. But Ms Reeves, a former chess champion, deployed an analogy from the chequered board to warn against complacency in thinking Labour will win the general election expected next year. “We’re a rook ahead after about 30 moves but we’re playing an opponent that usually beats us. So this is not in the bag,” she said.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:44:42","image_url":"https://www.heraldscotland.com/resources/images/14817218/?type=app&htype=0","source_id":"heraldscotland","category":["environment"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Seven early signs of Alzheimer's that can be mistaken for 'just getting old'","link":"https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/seven-early-signs-alzheimers-can-27286679","keywords":["Black Country"],"creator":["newsdesk@birminghamlive.co.uk (Lydia Veljanovski, Isabelle Bates)"],"video_url":null,"description":"Former GMTV host Fiona Phillips has been diagnosed with the condition aged just 62","content":"A number of early Alzheimer's symptoms can just be put off to old age, it has been warned. It comes after former GMTV host Fiona Phillips was diagnosed with the condition aged just 62. The star revealed how she put some of her initial symptoms down to going through the menopause. It can be tricky to catch Alzheimer’s early as many of the symptoms could be put down to factors including depression or stress. However, seven early signs can indicate the condition. If you experience any of these then you should seek guidance from your GP. READ MORE: Teenagers rushed to hospital with seizures after buying vapes on Snapchat Scroll down to read seven early signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's Memory loss Memory loss is one of the early signs of Alzheimer's and can include forgetting important dates, names, places or events. Sufferers may also ask the same questions repeatedly, forgetting they have just received an answer, or retell stories, the Mirror reports. Poor judgement Alzheimer's also affects people’s judgement and decision-making ability. This could manifest as bad financial decisions, poor hygiene or socially inappropriate actions. The disease can hinder people’s ability to plan, or follow directions which can lead to hasty decisions. Misplacing things This is one of the most frustrating symptoms for many sufferers as they might often put items in strange places. Unable to retrace their steps in order to find it again, it can make things very tricky and this can result in outbursts as they grow confused and suspicious of others. Changes in mood People who have Alzheimer’s may suffer from anxiety or mood changes, and become agitated or upset in both normal situations and when out of their comfort zone. THis can also lead to withdrawal from social activities and hobbies. Difficulty completing tasks Daily tasks can become difficult for people that are suffering from the disease. It might be that they struggle to drive or travel to a particular location. They might get confused while writing a shopping list or following a recipe, or even forget to clean parts of the house and take out the bins. Confusion with time/place Unfortunately people with Alzheimer’s may struggle with the particular dates, seasons, years, and the passing of time in general. They might forget where they are, what they are supposed to be doing and how they got there. It is also a tell tale sign if people cannot understand why an activity or event is not happening immediately. Problems with words People may struggle to join in or follow along with a conversation. They might stop suddenly, and have no idea how to continue talking or start asking questions or repeat themselves. This can also extend to vocabulary, with people calling items or other people the wrong name or using the wrong word - for example, calling a 'computer' a ‘typing machine’'.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:43:24","image_url":"https://i2-prod.birminghammail.co.uk/incoming/article27257410.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/0_Fiona-Phillips-storyjp.jpg","source_id":"birminghammail","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Brother Of France Man Who Died In Police Custody In Hospital After Arrest","link":"https://www.ibtimes.com/brother-france-man-who-died-police-custody-hospital-after-arrest-3704097","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"A man arrested in Paris during a memorial rally for his brother, who had died in police custody seven years ago, has been hospitalised, a Paris prosecutor said Sunday, triggering calls for more protests.","content":"NEWSLETTER SIGNUP My account Log Out Jul 09, 7:42 AM EDT Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Social Capital Crypto NEWSLETTER My account Log Out US Edition Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Social Capital Crypto Listings & More Spotlight Glossary Editions Australia Edition India Edition International Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States NEWSLETTER Follow Us Editions Australia Edition India Edition International Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States World Brother Of France Man Who Died In Police Custody In Hospital After Arrest By AFP News 07/09/23 AT 7:42 AM EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Share on Flipboard Protests on Saturday commemorated the death of Adama Traore in police custody seven years ago -- defying a ban on the marches AFP A man arrested in Paris during a memorial rally for his brother, who had died in police custody seven years ago, has been hospitalised, a Paris prosecutor said Sunday, triggering calls for more protests. The calls came with France still on edge after the police killing of a teen near Paris sparked the worst rioting in the country since 2005. Youssouf Traore, 29, was detained by police Saturday amid protests across the country that commemorated the death of his brother Adama Traore in 2016, many of them in defiance of police bans on gatherings. Youssouf was arrested during a protest in Paris attended by some 2,000 people, part of a string of protests to mark his brother's death and to protest against police brutality. According to a police source, Youssouf Traore was injured in the eye during his arrest and was taken to hospital after becoming sick at the police station. Youssouf Traore was arrested on charges of violence against a public official. The charges have been lifted due to his hospitalisation, the Paris prosecutor's office said, but could be reinstated later once he is discharged. The Paris prosecutor's office didn't give any details on his condition. Contacted by AFP, his lawyer, Yassine Bouzrou, confirmed he has spent the night in hospital gave no update about his health. He added he had not yet spoken to Traore. Youssouf Traore was accused of hitting a police officer at the start of the rally at Place de la Republique, according to a source close to the case. According to police, he was subsequently arrested for the alleged incident after police identified him. The forceful arrest, filmed by several witnesses, showed him resisting and being tackled and held face down by several police officers, provoking condemnation by several left-wing politicians on social media. A joint statement by left-leaning associations, unions and political parties had called for a rally Sunday afternoon in front of a central Paris police station to demand that he and another person detained with him be released. France has been on edge since a police officer shot dead Nahel M., a 17-year-old with Algerian roots, during a traffic stop on June 27 in a Paris suburb. The shooting rekindled long pent-up frustrations and accusations of systemic racism among France's security forces and sparked nights of rioting, the worst urban unrest in the country since 2005. More than 3,700 people were taken into police custody in connection with the protests since Nahel's death, including at least 1,160 minors, according to official figures. REGISTER FOR FREE to continue reading ✔️ Unlock the full content of International Business Times UK for free offer available for a limited time only ✔️ Easily manage your Newsletters subscriptions and save your favourite articles ✔️ No payment method required Already have an account? Log in © Copyright AFP 2023. All rights reserved. Join the Discussion MOST READ IN World 1 Sweet Success: Jordan's Beekeepers Busy As Honey Demand Soars 2 Biden To Send Banned Cluster Weapons To Ukraine 3 Asian Markets Fall Further As US Data Fans Rate Fears 4 Man Who Caused 183 Car Accidents To Cash In On Insurance Gets Arrested 5 Sri Lankans Jump Ship As A Bankrupt Nation Struggles NEWS Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Crypto Featured Social Capital Glossary SMB Forum Spotlight ABOUT About Us Contact us Advertise with us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Editions United States Australia Brazil Colombia France Germany Indonesia India International Italy Japan Editions Nigeria Philippines Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Mexico Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom FOLLOW US Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Newsletter © Copyright 2023 IBTimes LLC. All Rights Reserved.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:42:40","image_url":null,"source_id":"ibtimes","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"BJP alleges central forces 'deliberately' not deployed in panchayat polls","link":"https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/bjp-alleges-central-forces-deliberately-not-deployed-in-panchayat-polls/articleshow/101614720.cms","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"The BJP in West Bengal has alleged that central forces were not deployed deliberately during the panchayat elections. BJP national vice president Dilip Ghosh criticized the local administration for deploying the central forces to patrol the highways and kept at police stations instead of deploying them in sensitive areas to avoid violence.","content":"Synopsis The BJP in West Bengal has alleged that central forces were not deployed deliberately during the panchayat elections. BJP national vice president Dilip Ghosh criticized the local administration for deploying the central forces to patrol the highways and kept at police stations instead of deploying them in sensitive areas to avoid violence. IANS Related Eleven people killed as rural West Bengal votes in panchayat elections Violence rocks Bengal's panchayat polls, 12 dead, allegations of strong arm tactics 14 killed, widespread voter intimidation reported during panchayat polls in Bengal The opposition BJP in West Bengal on Sunday alleged that the central forces were not deployed \"deliberately\" during the panchayat elections, inviting a sharp retort from the ruling TMC which said there was no guarantee that violence would not have happened if the forces were deployed. BJP national vice president Dilip Ghosh said if the central forces were deployed in sensitive places, there would not have been so much violence, and people could have exercised their franchise freely and without fear. \"The central forces were not deployed in sensitive areas deliberately,\" he said. Ghosh alleged that instead of deploying the forces in the polling booths, they were made to patrol highways or were kept at police stations. \"Even where they were deployed, that was done only after the violence and looting of votes,\" he claimed. \"They were ordered to be deployed in all booths by the Calcutta High Court, but that was not done,\" he said. MORE STORIES FOR YOU ✕ Eleven people killed as rural West Bengal votes in panchayat elections Violence rocks Bengal's panchayat polls, 12 dead, allegations of strong arm tactics 14 killed, widespread voter intimidation reported during panchayat polls in Bengal « Back to recommendation stories I don't want to see these stories because They are not relevant to me They disrupt the reading flow Others SUBMIT TMC said there was no guarantee that violence would not have happened if the forces were deployed. TMC spokesperson Kunal Ghosh alleged that four people were killed in firing by central forces in Cooch Behar, during the 2021 assembly polls. Polling was held in over 61,000 booths in the panchayat elections and violence happened in only about 60 booths, and serious incidents took place in eight of those. \"In most cases, TMC workers died due to the violence,\" he said. Fifteen people have been killed in the violence that rocked the elections to the three-tier panchayat system in the state on Saturday, officials said. BSF DIG of South Bengal Frontier SS Guleria earlier told PTI that the force was not provided details of sensitive booths. \"The allegations that the central forces and BSF have failed to provide security cover are completely baseless. We provided troops to the State Election Commission (SEC) for deployment. The polling was completely peaceful wherever central forces were deployed. Even if there were a few minor incidents, it was dealt with professionally,\" he said. \"We had asked for a list of sensitive booths from the SEC but it was not provided. We learned from the press that the number of sensitive booths is 4,384. The local administration decided on the deployment,\" he added. Don’t miss out on ET Prime stories! Get your daily dose of business updates on WhatsApp. click here! Sunday, 09 Jul, 2023 Experience Your Economic Times Newspaper, The Digital Way! Read Complete Print Edition » Front Page Pure Politics Bottom Line Deep Dive More GSTN will Provide Information to ED, FIU Under PMLA The government has included the Goods and Services Tax Network on the list of entities mandated to share information with the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. Car Buyers Switch Gears to Go for Feature-rich, Bigger Models A growing number of Indian buyers are opting for bigger, feature-packed cars, marking a shift from what used to be a predominantly cost-conscious market. Men Step Out Most for Buying Grocery About two-thirds of shopping for groceries and daily essentials are done by men in the country, contradicting the notion that women typically buy household products from neighbourhood stores, according to a study by Kirana Club, which has one million kirana stores in its network. Read More News on bengal violence tmc ghosh BJP bengal panchayat polls State Election Commission (Catch all the Business News , Breaking News Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times .) Download The Economic Times News App to get Daily Market Updates & Live Business News. ... more less ETPrime stories of the day Investing Experts or entertainers? As finfluencers breach the line, Sebi readies rules to curb cacophony 10 mins read Auto A Goa meeting, then four years of scrupulous work: how M&M built a game changer called the new Thar 8 mins read Ed-tech Byju Raveendran may be walking a takeover tightrope in his battle against investors 7 mins read Subscribe to ETPrime","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:41:29","image_url":"https://img.etimg.com/thumb/width-1200,imgsize-8698,resizemode-4,msid-101614720/bjp-alleges-central-forces-deliberately-not-deployed-in-panchayat-polls.jpg","source_id":"economictimes_indiatimes","category":["politics"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Decision on alliance with BJP for 2024 polls to be announced soon; Chirag Paswan set to return to NDA","link":"https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/decision-on-alliance-with-bjp-for-2024-polls-to-be-announced-soon-chirag-paswan-set-to-return-to-nda/videoshow/101614706.cms","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":null,"content":"\"Talks on alliance were going on for a long time...we had meetings with certain BJP leaders recently, and we're about to reach a decision soon...regarding this, there was also a meeting with all our party leaders and they're have said that whatever decision will be taken regarding alliance, it will be acceptable to them\": Chirag Paswan, MP and Lok Janshakti Party chief, on possible alliance with NDA","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:41:14","image_url":"https://img.etimg.com/thumb/width-1200,imgsize-18520,resizemode-4,msid-101614706/decision-on-alliance-with-bjp-for-2024-polls-to-be-announced-soon-chirag-paswan-set-to-return-to-nda.jpg","source_id":"economictimes_indiatimes","category":["politics"],"country":["india"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Pope Francis chooses 21 new cardinals","link":"https://thehill.com/policy/international/4087445-pope-francis-chooses-21-new-cardinals/","keywords":["International","News","cardinals","Pope Francis","vatican"],"creator":["Julia Mueller"],"video_url":null,"description":"Pope Francis on Sunday announced his choice of 21 new cardinals, set to be formally installed to the posts in September. \"Where they come from expresses the universality of the Church, which continues to proclaim the merciful love of God to all people of the earth,\" the pope said of the cardinals-elect, according to the...","content":"Pope Francis on Sunday announced his choice of 21 new cardinals, set to be formally installed to the posts in September. “Where they come from expresses the universality of the Church, which continues to proclaim the merciful love of God to all people of the earth,” the pope said of the cardinals-elect, according to the outlet . Among the pope’s picks, which he announced in St. Peter’s Square during his weekly appearance, are other prelates from Jerusalem and Hong Kong, where Catholics are a minority. Also on the list are the archbishops of Bogotá, Columbia; Capetown, South Africa; Madrid, Spain; and Łódź, Poland, according to Vatican News. Cardinals serve as advisers to the pope on matters of teaching and administration, including finances, and they’re also tasked with electing the successor to the sitting pope. The cardinals-elect are set to be installed with a consistory on September 30, Pope Francis said in his announcement.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:39:41","image_url":"https://thehill.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/06/648dccc07508c8.27097935-e1688902306133.jpeg?w=900","source_id":"thehill","category":["world"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Snap presidential vote is underway in Uzbekistan and expected to extend incumbent’s rule","link":"https://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/2023/07/09/snap-presidential-vote-is-underway-in-uzbekistan-and-expected-to-extend-incumbents-rule","keywords":["World"],"creator":["Feedloaderapi"],"video_url":null,"description":"MOSCOW (AP) — Voters in Uzbekistan cast their ballots on Sunday in a snap presidential election that is widely expected to extend the incumbent’s rule by seven more years. The […]","content":"MOSCOW (AP) — Voters in Uzbekistan cast their ballots on Sunday in a snap presidential election that is widely expected to extend the incumbent's rule by seven more years. Read this article for free: Already have an account? To continue reading, please subscribe: + GST for 9 weeks of unlimited access* MOSCOW (AP) — Voters in Uzbekistan cast their ballots on Sunday in a snap presidential election that is widely expected to extend the incumbent’s rule by seven more years. The vote followed a constitutional referendum that extended a presidential term from five to seven years and allowed President Shavkat Mirziyoyev to run for two more terms in office. In 2021, Mirziyoyev was elected to his second five-year term, the limit allowed by the constitution at the time. A set of constitutional amendments approved in April’s plebiscite allowed him to begin the count of terms anew and run for two more, raising the possibility that he could stay in office until 2037. In May, the 65-year-old Mirziyoyev called for a snap election. He is set to win the vote by a landslide against three token rivals. More than 10,700 polling stations opened in Uzbekistan at 8 a.m. local time (0300 GMT) and were scheduled to close 12 hours later. By 11 a.m., more than 33% of voters have cast their ballots, election officials reported, which is enough to deem the vote valid in accordance with Uzbek laws. Since coming to power in 2016 after the death of longtime dictator Islam Karimov, Mirziyoyev has introduced a slew of political and economic reforms that eased some of the draconian policies of his predecessor, who made Uzbekistan into one of the region’s most repressive countries. At the same time, Uzbekistan has remained strongly authoritarian with no significant opposition. All registered political parties are loyal to Mirziyoyev. In April’s referendum, more than 90% of those who cast ballots voted to approve the amendments extending the presidential term. Similar constitutional amendments in recent years have been adopted in Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan. Like the leaders of other Central Asian nations that have close economic ties with Moscow, Mirziyoyev has engaged in a delicate balancing act after Russian troops swarmed Ukraine, steering clear of backing what the Kremlin calls a “special military operation” but not condemning it either. Advertisement","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:33:04","image_url":null,"source_id":"winnipegfreepress","category":["world"],"country":["canada"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Sunday Reads: Our Most Notable Stories This Week","link":"https://simpleflying.com/sunday-reads-116/","keywords":["Aviation News","sunday reads","newsletter","top stories"],"creator":["Jake Hardiman"],"video_url":null,"description":"The top aviation news stories from the last seven days.","content":"Hello, and welcome back to another iteration of Simple Flying's 'Sunday Reads' weekly digest, with this edition being our 116th! Let's end the week in style by looking back at our top aviation news stories from the last seven days! Fresh off the back of a busy 2022/23 financial year in terms of hiring, the Emirates Group is . This will see the company scour the world for talent suitable for more than 180 roles, hosting open days and other events across six continents. Japan Airlines has launched a pioneering way to reduce its carbon emissions. The airline has teamed up with one of Japan's largest corporations, Sumitomo, to for visitors to the country. The logic behind the aptly named Any Wear, Anywhere service is to encourage passengers to pack lighter, reducing the airline's fuel consumption and the associated carbon emissions. Airbus has at its plant in Toulouse, France. Based on the A330-200 and featuring a unique livery design, the aircraft joins five similar planes helping the manufacturer to keep up with production schedules at its plants worldwide. Air Inuit, an airline serving Nunavik, the northern third of the Canadian province Quebec, is retiring its 40+-year-old Boeing 737-200 Combis with three Boeing 737-800s. The 737-800s will be converted to become combis, able to haul both passengers and freight with main deck cargo doors. You can find out more . This week, Airbus reached a milestone along its ongoing innovation pathway by (WTDC). Situated at the manufacturer's Filton site on the outskirts of Bristol, UK, this new research hub will play host to design and testing work for next-generation wings. Volaris has unveiled a special Barbie livery on one of its A320neos ahead of the world premiere of the upcoming Barbie movie. The plane will serve the airline's beach destinations this summer. You can find out more in our article . If you'd like us to send you the week's top stories in a weekly e-newsletter, you can sign up for the mailing list . See you next week!","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:31:18","image_url":"https://static1.simpleflyingimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/shutterstock_1403209700.jpg","source_id":"simpleflying","category":["world"],"country":["united kingdom"],"language":"english"},{"title":"Djokovic Joins Wimbledon 100 Club As Swiatek Eyes First Quarters","link":"https://www.ibtimes.com/djokovic-joins-wimbledon-100-club-swiatek-eyes-first-quarters-3704095","keywords":null,"creator":null,"video_url":null,"description":"Novak Djokovic contests his 100th Wimbledon match on Sunday as he continues his push for a record-equalling eighth title while Iga Swiatek aims to make the quarter-finals for the first time.","content":"NEWSLETTER SIGNUP My account Log Out Jul 09, 7:27 AM EDT Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Social Capital Crypto NEWSLETTER My account Log Out US Edition Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Social Capital Crypto Listings & More Spotlight Glossary Editions Australia Edition India Edition International Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States NEWSLETTER Follow Us Editions Australia Edition India Edition International Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States World Djokovic Joins Wimbledon 100 Club As Swiatek Eyes First Quarters By Dave JAMES 07/09/23 AT 7:27 AM EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Share on Flipboard Now hear this: Novak Djokovic is playing in his 100th match at Wimbledon AFP Novak Djokovic contests his 100th Wimbledon match on Sunday as he continues his push for a record-equalling eighth title while Iga Swiatek aims to make the quarter-finals for the first time. Djokovic tackles Poland's Hubert Hurkacz on Centre Court, where he has not lost in 10 years. However, if he is to continue his bid for a third major of 2023, and match Margaret Court's all-time record of 24 Slams, he needs to find a way of battering through the seemingly impregnable Hurkacz defence. The Pole has not dropped serve at the tournament, saving all 11 break points he has faced and winning all 46 service games. \"I don't see too many holes in his game,\" said Djokovic who has a 5-0 record against the 18th-ranked Hurkacz, including at Wimbledon in 2019. \"He serves extremely powerful, covers the court very well. He has very long arms and a very good feeling at the net.\" Hurkacz made the semi-finals in 2021, having become the last man to defeat Roger Federer at Wimbledon in the quarter-finals. Twelve months ago, however, he crashed out in the first round. After being banned from Wimbledon in 2022 over the war in Ukraine, seven players from Russia and Belarus have made it to the last 16 in men's and women's singles. Russian seventh seed Andrey Rublev kicks off the action on Centre Court, hoping to complete a full set of quarter-finals at all four Slams. The 25-year-old faces Alexander Bublik, born in Russia but representing Kazakhstan. Bublik, the world number 26, defeated Rublev on grass in the Halle final in June. Another Russian, Roman Safiullin, has made the last 16 on his main draw debut. The world number 92, who had never previously got beyond the second round of a Slam, faces 2021 semi-finalist Denis Shapovalov. Jannik Sinner, the eighth-ranked Italian, takes on unseeded Daniel Elahi Galan of Colombia, hoping to secure a second successive quarter-final. Women's world number one Swiatek, the reigning US Open and French Open champion, has not dropped a set yet on her way to the fourth round for a second time. She takes on Swiss 14th seed Belinda Bencic, who had fallen in the first round in her past two visits. In a last-16 clash tinged with political significance, Victoria Azarenka of Belarus takes on Ukraine's Elina Svitolina. At the French Open, Svitolina and all Ukraine players refused to shake hands with opponents from Russia and Belarus. \"I won't sell my country out for likes,\" said Svitolina after refusing to shake hands with world number two Aryna Sabalenka of Belarus in Paris. Svitolina was even booed by the French crowd for her defiant stance. At last year's US Open, Ukraine's Marta Kostyuk offered only a tap of the racquets after facing Azarenka. Both Svitolina and Azarenka are former semi-finalists at the tournament. Azarenka, however, enjoys a 5-0 head-to-head record over the Ukraine player. A second Ukrainian, Lesia Tsurenko, faces world number four Jessica Pegula, with both women seeking spots in the last eight for the first time. The 34-year-old Tsurenko reached the fourth round after triumphing in the longest-ever tiebreak in a Grand Slam women's singles match -- 38 points -- against Romania's Ana Bogdan on Friday. Tsurenko took victory on a seventh match point after saving five match points herself in a three-hour 40-minute epic. Sunday's other last-16 tie is an-all Czech clash between Marie Bouzkova, who put out fifth seed Caroline Garcia in the third round, and Marketa Vondrousova, the 2019 French Open runner-up Breakthrough: Iga Swiatek bids to make the quarter-finals for the first time AFP REGISTER FOR FREE to continue reading ✔️ Unlock the full content of International Business Times UK for free offer available for a limited time only ✔️ Easily manage your Newsletters subscriptions and save your favourite articles ✔️ No payment method required Already have an account? Log in © Copyright AFP 2023. All rights reserved. Join the Discussion MOST READ IN World 1 Sweet Success: Jordan's Beekeepers Busy As Honey Demand Soars 2 Biden To Send Banned Cluster Weapons To Ukraine 3 Asian Markets Fall Further As US Data Fans Rate Fears 4 Man Who Caused 183 Car Accidents To Cash In On Insurance Gets Arrested 5 Sri Lankans Jump Ship As A Bankrupt Nation Struggles NEWS Business Technology World National Politics Media & Culture Opinion Sports Crypto Featured Social Capital Glossary SMB Forum Spotlight ABOUT About Us Contact us Advertise with us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Editions United States Australia Brazil Colombia France Germany Indonesia India International Italy Japan Editions Nigeria Philippines Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Mexico Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom FOLLOW US Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Newsletter © Copyright 2023 IBTimes LLC. All Rights Reserved.","pubDate":"2023-07-09 11:27:32","image_url":null,"source_id":"ibtimes","category":["politics"],"country":["united states of america"],"language":"english"}]